in this paper , we propose a novel approach to enhance the classifier accuracy by incorporating the discriminative training of support vector machine and support vector machine . specifically , we propose a discrimina-tive training approach to improve the classification error classification accuracy by incorporating the constrained minimization approach with the latent semantic indexing matrix and support vector machines . specifically , we use the generalized linear discriminate sequence kernel to build the vector support vector framework for the binary identification tasks . in order to reduce the dimensionality of the training data , we introduce the concept of score separation ensemble as a generalization of the conventional vector-space model . we also propose a combination strategy to estimate the hidden language labels of dyadic interactions in order to maximize the classifier accuracy . the proposed approach is evaluated on the switchboard databases and the results show that the proposed method outperforms the baseline classifiers in terms of relative error reduction accuracy . furthermore , the proposed method can be applied to other language identification tasks using the proposed ordinal regression algorithm . compared with the state-of-art svm system , the proposed pair-wise probability estimation algorithm is also shown to outperform the state-of-art svm system on the nist language evaluation tasks .

in this paper , we present a novel method for normalizing road signs . the proposed method is based on the color shifting property of a multiple color-filter aperture camera . the color shifting property of a multiple color-filter aperture camera is used to extract depth information from an misaligned color image . color shifting vectors are extracted from the full depth map using laplacian matting method . color shifting vectors are extracted from the color shifting mask map . the color shifting property of a multiple color-filter aperture camera is estimated from the color shifting mask map . the color shifting property of a single camera-based full depth map is used to estimate the illuminant color changes , viewpoint direction shadowing , and occluding contour . the proposed method is tested on a variety of scenes with arbitrary viewpoint behaviors . the experimental results show that the proposed method can accurately estimate the illuminant color changes and the viewpoint direction of the observer . moreover , the proposed method can be used for global surface reconstruction by purposive viewpoint adjustment .

in this paper , we propose a hierarchical language identification framework with multi-level classification features . the proposed hierarchical language identification framework consists of three steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- a frame-based parallel speech feature detection system , -lrb- 2 -rrb- a segment-based phoneme classification system , -lrb- 3 -rrb- a frame-based parallel speech feature detection system , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- a hierarchical language identification framework . the proposed hierarchical language identification framework consists of three stages : -lrb- 1 -rrb- a frame-based parallel speech feature distribution , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- a hierarchical classification system based on linear svm -rrb- . the proposed hierarchical language identification framework consists of three stages : -lrb- 1 -rrb- a hierarchical distinctive speech features for phonemes ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a set of parallel or hierarchical distinctive speech features for phonemes ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a set of parallel or hierarchical distinctive speech features for each phonemes ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a set of parallel features for each phonemes ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a set of informative codes for each language ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a set of parallel or hierarchical distinctive speech features for each phonemes ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a set of hierarchical distinctive features for each language ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a set of hierarchical distinctive features for each language ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a set of parallel features for each language ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a hierarchical classification method for each language ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- a set of feature detection and -lrb- 4 -rrb- a hierarchical language identification framework for each language . experimental results on ogi 10-language database show that the proposed hierarchical language identification framework outperforms the state-of-the-art gmm fusion system with multi-level classification features .

in this paper , we consider the problem of privacy preserving m-estimators under local differential privacy constraints . in particular , we consider the problem of privacy preserving m-estimators under perturbed histograms , where the goal is to minimize the utility function subject to noise and noise , subject to constraints on the data level . we consider the problem of minimizing the utility function subject to a convex relaxation of a finite-dimensional linear program , where the goal is to minimize the sum of a convex relaxation of the resulting optimization problem . in contrast to classical information theoretic utilities such as mutual information and f-divergences , adaptive cancellation requires time-varying filtering in the presence of signal to noise and signal to noise . in contrast , we show that , under certain conditions , the optimal staircase mechanism is guaranteed to converge to a stationary point of the optimal staircase mechanism . in particular , we show that under certain conditions , the optimal staircase mechanism is guaranteed to converge to a stationary point of the optimal staircase mechanism . in particular , we show that under certain conditions , the proposed algorithm converges to a stationary point of the optimal staircase mechanism . in particular , we show that under certain conditions , the proposed algorithm converges to a stationary point of the optimal staircase mechanism . we also show that under certain conditions , the proposed algorithm converges to an approximate solution to a general class of m-estimators with both statistical utility and hard constraints and a data fidelity term . finally , we demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm on a real world data set with continuous and categorical variables .

in this paper , we address the problem of ranking a large-scale non-convex implementation using multiple collaborative filtering datasets . most existing unsupervised feature selection methods rely on pre-computed local structure information in the form of pre-computed local structure information in the form of pairwise preferences . in this paper , we propose a novel yet effective unsupervised feature selection method , referred to as rank r score matrix , for pairwise data . specifically , we propose a regularized regression-based formulation , where each data point is represented as a pairwise distribution over the latent cluster centers , and then the rank r score matrix is used to rank the pairwise data by maximizing expected ranking gain . specifically , we formulate the objective function as a minimization factored form of the objective function subject to the gradient potentials of the objective function , and propose an efficient optimization algorithm to solve the objective function . in particular , we incorporate the pairwise information into the objective function , which can be solved efficiently by convex optimization . in addition , we propose a rank r score matrix to capture the latent cluster information from the unlabeled data , which can be efficiently solved by the alternating minimization of the objective function . extensive experiments on torle.0 data set show that the proposed prunfs approach significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art methods in ranking , especially in the collaborative ranking setting .

in this paper , we propose a graph theoretic approach to object shape representation in a hierarchical compositional architecture called composi-tional hierarchy of parts . the composi-tional hierarchy of parts is a hierarchical compositional architecture with part shareability and indexing mechanisms to enable fast inference of part compositions . the proposed graph theoretic approach is based on the minimum description length principle , which is a generalization of the minimum description length principle to the continuous case of object shape representation . the proposed graph theoretic approach is based on a hybrid generative-descriptive model , where the internal internal models are represented by the state transition matrices , and the internal models are updated by the minimum conditional entropy clustering algorithm . the proposed hierarchical appearance-based method has been evaluated on a benchmark two-dimensional shape image datasets , and the results show that the proposed hierarchical appearance-based method can achieve better performance than the state-of-the-art shape retrieval methods in terms of computational complexity , especially in the presence of arbitrary clutter . furthermore , the proposed graph theoretic approach is general and can be applied to other applications such as object segmentation and recognition , where the goal is to recognize and recognize objects in complex environments . in addition , the proposed graph theoretic approach is general and can be applied to other applications such as object recognition and understanding in a probabilistic framework .

visual recognition aims to learn image representations that are invariant to translation , scale , rotation , and generic warping . in this paper , we propose a classification architecture pronet for object classification and point-based localization using convolutional neural networks . the proposed classification architecture pronet learns a kernel feature map from a set of bounding box annotations in the neural network literature . in contrast to traditional convolutional neural networks , the proposed classification architecture pronet learns a reproducing kernel from image-level annotations , which is invariant to arbitrary locations and invariance to supervision . in addition , the proposed classification architecture pronet learns a kernel feature map from a set of neural networks , which can be trained end-to-end using convolutional neural networks . in contrast to previous network architectures , the proposed classification architecture pronet does not require supervision in the training process , making classification architecture pronet suitable for a variety of visual recognition tasks . the proposed classification architecture pronet is trained on the mnist dataset and achieves state-of-the-art performance on the cifar-10 and the cifar-10 10 datasets . in addition , the proposed classification architecture pronet can learn image regions using convolutional neural networks , without any supervision or bounding box annotations . moreover , the proposed classification architecture pronet can be applied to other visual recognition tasks .

in real world pattern recognition applications such as computer vision , multidimensional vectors , and natural language processing , the prediction of structured outputs is an important and challenging biological network inference problem . in this paper , we present a novel probabilistic learning method for the reconstruction of images of handwritten digits . the structured learning method , called structured output-associative regression , is a generalization of tree-based methods to the prediction of structured outputs with continuous shape transformations such as additive noise and temporal warping . structured output-associative regression is a generalization of the tree-based ensemble methods to the case of known input and output signals . the key idea of the proposed probabilistic learning method is to cast the prediction of structured outputs as a product of two steps : -lrb- i -rrb- the prediction of structured outputs using the internal structure of the gram matrix and -lrb- ii -rrb- the prediction of outputs using the self-dependency between the output and the output , and -lrb- iii -rrb- the prediction of outputs using the internal structure of the tensor . the proposed unsupervised algorithm is evaluated on several real-world data sets , and compared with several state-of-the-art algorithms such as support vector regression , ridge kernel , input scalability , and irrelevant variables robustness . the results show that the proposed unsupervised algorithm is able to correctly predict the 3d human pose in real time series data . the proposed unsupervised algorithm can also be applied to other applications such as computer vision and computational biology .

in this paper , we propose a novel graph-based transductive learning approach for interactive image segmentation . in contrast to previous transductive approaches that rely on an 8-connected neighborhood system , our graph-based transductive learning approach does not require any training data for image segmen-tation . instead , we use convolutional neural networks to learn discriminative features and classifiers for local patch classification . in contrast to previous approaches that rely on a joint energy model , our graph-based transductive learning approach is capable of transferring local view to visually similar pixels . in contrast to traditional color probabilistic model based approach , our graph-based transductive learning approach does not require any knowledge of the pixel similarity in the input image . instead , we use a global scene semantics to capture ambiguity of local context in the input image . in addition , we introduce a global potential to enforce the global scene constraint in the energy function , which can be solved efficiently by computing local neighbors in the input image . in addition , we introduce a novel path-based metric , called connectivity similarity , to measure the pixel similarity between the unlabeled image pixels and the corresponding pixels in the input image . in addition , our graph-based transductive learning approach is able to deal with multi-label case , which is much more challenging than traditional color probabilistic model based approach . in addition , our graph-based transductive learning approach allows for interactive image segmentation , which is much less sensitive to the local order in the input image . in addition , our graph-based transductive learning approach is able to handle both road and sidewalk pixels , which is very challenging for real applications . in addition , our experimental results show that our graph-based transductive learning approach can achieve better image segmentation performance than the state-of-the-art methods with an 8-connected neighborhood system .

in this paper , we propose a probabilistic integrated model for layered object tracking in natural scenes . view synthesis is a hierarchical , graph-based segmentation setting for dynamic texture segmentation with arbitrary motion -lrb- e.g. , dynamic textures -rrb- . unlike conventional cnn-based techniques , view synthesis does not take into account the complex segment characteristics -lrb- e.g. , complex segment characteristics -rrb- and the complex appearance of the objects -lrb- e.g. , dynamic textures -rrb- . our probabilistic integrated model combines motion features , a supervised learning approach , and a set of custom spatiotemporal filters -lrb- e.g. , layer shapes , gaussian flow , and layer evolution -rrb- . in particular , view synthesis is formulated as a pixel copying task , where optical flow is modeled as a brightness constancy assumption , and the appearance flow is modeled as a set of 2-d coordinate vectors . efficient mcmc sampling is used for the particle filtering approach . we demonstrate the effectiveness of our probabilistic integrated model in the challenging task of layered object tracking in the presence of arbitrary viewpoint and motion segmentation . in particular , we show that our probabilistic integrated model significantly outperforms state-of-the-art methods on a variety of datasets , including segmentation of videos with complex appearance , topological constraints , and implicit appearance models . we also show that our probabilistic integrated model outperforms state-of-the-art cnn-based techniques on a variety of datasets .

sentiment word identification -lrb- sentiment word identification -rrb- is an important component in sentiment analysis applications . in this paper , we propose an optimization-based model for improving sentiment word identification in a low resource setting . unlike previous work , our optimization-based model does not require any labeled data or any external resource . instead , our optimization-based model learns a sentiment lexicon from a small set of seed words , and then applies conditional random fields with linguistically-informed features to predict the sentiment document . the sentiment analysis is formulated as a sequence tagging problem , which can be solved efficiently by a naive bayes model . the proposed optimization-based model does not require any labeled data or any labeled data , and can be used for sentiment analysis in a low resource setting . the proposed optimization-based model is evaluated on three real datasets : english , spanish , and unlabeled documents . the experimental results show that the proposed optimization-based model significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art methods in terms of both sentiment prediction and named entity recognition . moreover , the proposed optimization-based model can also be used for improving sentiment word identification in a low resource setting . the proposed optimization-based model can also be applied to other tasks such as human understanding of language and unlabeled documents .

this paper presents a lossy coding technique for surface emg signals based on a multiple channel hvs model . the lossy coding technique is based on a linear predictive coding paradigm , where the signal matrix consists of spectral redundancy in the local band-limited contrast . the proposed lossy coding technique has been tested on simulated and experimental signals in telemedicine . the proposed lossy coding technique has been evaluated on both simulated and experimental signals , and the results show that the proposed lossy coding technique has a better perceptual image quality than the well-known spectral-decorrelation methods . in particular , the proposed lossy coding technique has a better performance in reducing the bitrate ergonomics and occupational medicine compared to the digital image compression . in addition , the proposed lossy coding technique has a better performance in reducing the bitrate of multi-channel surface emg signals while preserving the local scaling function of the reconstructed signal . in addition , the proposed lossy coding technique has a better performance in reducing the noise due to the local scaling term of the signal . in addition , the proposed lossy coding technique can also be applied to multi-channel electromyographic recordings with short frequency bands , such as mean frequency median frequency , skewness variance , and kur-tosis . the proposed lossy coding technique can also be applied to other types of signals . the proposed lossy coding technique can also be applied to other types of multi-channel electromyographic recordings where the signal is processed by the linear predictive coding paradigm . it is shown that the proposed lossy coding technique has a better perceptual image quality than that of the well-known spectral-decorrelation methods .

in this paper , we consider the detection in speech .gauss mixture vector quantization , where the acoustic and lexical information are captured by data sources such as paper citations . gaussian sources are used to capture the extremal property in source coding , and the classification model is derived from noisy side information with pairwise constraints on the data sources . we propose a generalized maximum entropy model , where the parameters of the generalized maximum entropy model are estimated from the posterior probabilities of the hidden markov sequence models via maximum likelihood estimation and model interpolation . the maximum entropy model is a generalization of the lloyd clustering approach to lpc speech vector quantization , which allows us to incorporate the pre-trained probability models into the maxent framework . in contrast to the maximum entropy model , the minimum discrimination information is used for model selection . the proposed lloyd clustering approach has been evaluated on a sentence-boundary detection task using the hmm-based state-of-the-art system . theoretic analysis and experimental results show that the proposed lloyd clustering approach has a high rate of detecting sentence-like units in continuous speech .

named entity recognition -lrb- ner -rrb- systems for indian languages , such as hindi and indian languages telugu , have become an important research topic in the research community . most of the current state-of-the-art named entity recognition systems are based on statistical methods for named entity recognition . in this paper , we propose a character n-gram based approach based on generative models for identifying language entities in indian languages . the proposed character n-gram based approach is composed of three steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- a rule based system for identifying named entities based on the ethnic origin of words ; -lrb- 2 -rrb- a dis-criminative model for identifying language features ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a rule based system for identifying named entities based on the linguistic analysis . the character n-gram based approach is evaluated on the south and south east asian languages , and the results show that character n-gram based models outperform word based models . the character n-gram based approach is also evaluated on the english language , and the results show that character n-gram based models perform better than word based models . in addition , the proposed character n-gram based approach provides a .knowledge of language origin improves pronunciation accuracy of proper names for indian language , especially in the case of unknown language backgrounds . the proposed character n-gram based approach is also very useful for identifying language entities in indian languages .

linear transforms -lrb- linear transforms -rrb- estimation algorithms have been widely used in adaptation for speech recognition systems . in this paper , we propose a two-step bayesian approach to the training time expansion coefficients for robust speech recognition . in contrast to the conventional vector taylor series approach , the training time expansion coefficients are first transformed into a vector with piecewise approximations , and then applied to the noisy cepstral coefficients in a sparse setting . in contrast to the traditional numerical integration techniques , the proposed newton method does not require any prior knowledge of the training data subspace , and thus is suitable for parallel environments . in particular , the non-linear filtering problem is formulated as a linear approximations of the training data subspace with the help of a singular value of the hessian parameter . the proposed newton method consists of an active-set , second-order and phase prediction with the help of a numerical integration based approach . the proposed newton method is evaluated on a speech recognition problem in the sparse setting using the l1 term and on aurora 2 database . compared with the conventional newton method with the l1 regularization term , the proposed newton method achieves comparable or better performance in comparison with the state of the art methods in the sparse setting . moreover , in the sparse setting , the proposed newton method can also be used for computing parallel environments .

in this paper , we propose a novel approach for estimating dense 3d scene flow from a single image . the key idea is to formulate the 3d scene flow estimation as a local rigidity constraint on the viewing direction of the 3d scene , and then use the tv regularization smoothness term to enforce the local rigidity of the 3d scene . in contrast to traditional 3d scene flow methods , the proposed method does not require the 3d motion segmentation or the 3d motion energy minimization problem , and can handle realistic scenarios image motion 3d scene flow estimation with a rigid motion prior . in contrast to traditional approaches , the proposed method does not require the 3d motion or the 3d position of the scene , and can handle complex scenes by the phase-shift stereo . furthermore , the proposed method does not require the 3d motion of the 3d scene , and it does not require the 3d motion of the scene . to overcome this limitation , we introduce agnostic smoothness priors , such as total variation , which can be easily incorporated into the proposed method for 3d scene flow estimation . experimental results on real-world sequences show that the proposed method can achieve better 2d motion estimates than dedicated optical flow techniques . moreover , the 3d scene flow estimation can be used for both rigid and rigid objects , and can also be used for robust reconstruction problem .

direct policy search -lrb- direct policy search -rrb- is a key component of a dialogue model for automatic policy optimisation and speech recognition errors . in this paper , we propose a guided policy search algorithm based on trajectory optimization , a regularized importance sampled policy optimization for policy search in high-dimensional systems . in contrast to previous guided policy search algorithms based on trajectory optimization , our guided policy search algorithm does not require any supervised policy learning , nor does not require any training data . instead , instead , our guided policy search algorithm does not require any supervised policy learning , nor does not require any training data nor training data . instead , our guided policy search algorithm does not require any supervised policy learning , nor does not require any training data nor training data . instead , our guided policy search algorithm does not require training data , nor does not require training data , nor does not require training data , nor does not require any training data nor nor training data . instead , our guided policy search algorithm uses an approximate variant of mirror descent , which is guaranteed to converge to local optima in complex nonlinear spaces . we evaluate our guided policy search algorithm on simulated robotic navigation and manipulation tasks , and show that guided policy search algorithm significantly outperforms existing guided policy search methods in terms of local convergence guarantees , especially in the low-dimensional setting , and linear settings . we also show that our guided policy search algorithm can be used to optimize policy learning in such a way that the policy of a bayesian state in the optimisation space can be represented by gaussian processes . we show that our guided policy search algorithm can be used to optimize policy search in a network with simplified convex and linear settings and linear settings .

in this paper , we present a data-driven , hierarchical approach to the analysis of human actions in visual scenes in an unsupervised manner . the proposed data-driven , hierarchical approach is motivated by the observation that human action has a flexible non-parametric structure , and can be used as a feature extraction for automatic recognition of human activities in a video interpretation framework . the proposed data-driven , hierarchical approach is motivated by the observation that human actions can be represented by a set of low-level visual features -lrb- e.g. , direct frame motion , shape , and movement analysis -rrb- , and can be considered as an alternative to the common visual features -lrb- e.g. , direct frame motion -rrb- . the proposed data-driven , hierarchical approach is based on the observation that human actions can be represented by a codebook of key poses by an svm classifier . the proposed data-driven , hierarchical approach is evaluated in a widely-used kth human activity dataset and compared with the pre-trained models . the results show that the proposed data-driven , hierarchical approach is able to detect and recognize complex activities in complex environments , and can be used for the analysis of human actions in videos . furthermore , the proposed data-driven , hierarchical approach can be used for the analysis of human actions in the presence of actions , and can be used for other tasks such as action understanding and reaction understanding . in addition , the proposed data-driven , hierarchical approach can also be used for other tasks such as recognizing and recognizing human actions in video . the proposed data-driven , hierarchical approach is applied to the problem of action understanding and action recognition , where the human actions are represented by a set of actions are captured by a human sequence .

we consider the generalization of stochastic bandit problems with a deterministic function f in a semi-metric space . the mean-payoff function is defined as a dissimilarity function over a unit hypercube in the euclidean space . we consider a class of mean-payoff functions , where the function f is a deterministic function f with a semi-metric space , and the goal is to minimize the sum of a generic topological space with respect to the size of the function f . we show that , for any fixed set of functions , the optimal value iteration algorithm for approximate functions is a generalization of stochastic bandit problems with a lipschitz hierarchical partitioning of the space into a finite set of near-optimal states . we prove that for any fixed set of functions , the optimal value iteration algorithm converges to a logarithmic factor of the size of the function f . for any fixed set of functions , the optimal value iteration algorithm is guaranteed to converge to a global maxima of the size of the function f . for any fixed set of parameterized problems , we show that for any fixed set of functions , the optimal value iteration algorithm converges to a stationary point of the semi-metric space . for any fixed set of functions , the algorithm is guaranteed to converge to a stationary point of the semi-metric space , whereas for any fixed set of functions it is guaranteed to converge to a stationary point . for any fixed set of functions , the algorithm is guaranteed to converge to the optimal solution of the global maxima of the space . we also show how the algorithm can be applied to a class of stochastic bandit problems with a generic topological space .

in this paper , we propose a novel method for segmenting feature points of piece-wise planar structures in a piece-wise planar scene with 2-d images . the key idea of our method is to construct a low-dimensional structure from a small training set , where the 3d geometry of the object is represented by the homography homographies in a higher-dimensional real or complex space . the key idea of our method is to construct an integrated image appearance manifold from a small training set , so that the 3d geometry of the object can be represented by a low-dimensional laplacian matrix , which can be represented by a discrete green 's function . we propose a closed-form segmentation solution based on subspace-segmentation methods , which can be regarded as a classical factorization method for segmenting feature points of piece-wise planar structures in 2-d images . the key idea of our method is to cast the problem of 3-d reconstruction into two steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- the computation of the eigenvectors of the 3d matrix and -lrb- 2 -rrb- the computation of the eigenvectors of the matrix laplacian matrix , -lrb- 3 -rrb- the computation of the riemannian matrix , -lrb- 4 -rrb- the computation of the riemannian matrix , -lrb- 4 -rrb- the computation of the riemannian matrix , -lrb- 4 -rrb- the computation of the internal matrix , -lrb- 4 -rrb- the computation of the matrix and -lrb- 4 -rrb- the computation of the computation of the internal matrix . the proposed method is compared with the classical factorization method for real-world multi-body motion tracking problems such as synthetic image sequences , real world video sequences , and image sequences . the results show that the proposed method is superior to the classical factorization method for real-world multi-body motion tracking problems .

in this paper , we investigate the use of recurrent neural networks for phone modeling in the context of multilingual acoustic modelling . in particular , we propose a model-level tying technique for language dependent phoneme models . the model-level tying technique is based on a bottom-up agglomerative clustering technique , which allows the use of ld phoneme models as a dissimilarity measure . the proposed model-level tying technique can be applied to any language dependent phoneme models without the need for explicit modeling of higher-level language dependencies in the acoustic data . the proposed model-level tying technique can be applied to any language dependent phoneme models in a hybrid architecture . the proposed multilingual recognition systems is evaluated on the nist phone inventory , where the word accuracies of the multilingual recognition systems are compared to those of the multilingual phone models using the sampa phone inventory . the proposed multilingual recognition systems is evaluated on the timit and the switchboard task , where the acoustic error rate of the multilingual recognition systems is reduced from 12.5 % to 12.5 % , and the word accuracies of the multilingual recognition systems are obtained by using the sampa phone inventory . the results show that the proposed multilingual recognition systems can reduce the word recognition accuracy by about 30 % , and the acoustic error rate of the multilingual recognition systems can be reduced by about 30 % compared to the baseline system without the use of the sampa phone inventory . furthermore , the proposed multilingual recognition systems can reduce the word recognition rate by up to 70 % .

in this paper , we propose a multistage vector quantization codec for reducing spectral distortion from a signal source to a local noisy vector observation in wireless sensor networks . the transmitter vector quantization problem is formulated in a distributed estimation context , where the vector quantization is performed in a distributed estimation context . the vector quantization problem is formulated as a vector quantization of a codebook element and the vector quantization thresholds are derived . the vector quantization is performed by minimizing the sum of squared error between the scalar quantization and the quantization thresholds . the proposed multistage vector quantization codec is compared with random vector quantization in terms of power and bandwidth constraints . the performance of the multistage vector quantizer stage codebooks is compared with the cramér-rao bound analysis of distributed transmitter adaptation b-bit codebook . the proposed multistage vector quantization codec is shown to reduce the spectral distortion while maintaining the performance of the multistage vector quantization codec .

in this paper , we propose a regularized multi-task learning approach for binary-class semi-supervised support vector machines . in contrast to existing sparse learning based feature selection methods based on sparsity regularization , our regularized multi-task learning approach does not require any explicit constraint on the unlabeled sample . instead , instead , instead of relying on the fixed fixed dimension of the regularization matrix , our proposed regularized multi-task learning approach does not require any explicit computation of the solution solution . instead , instead , instead , directly optimizing the whole objective function , our regularized multi-task learning approach does not require any explicit computation of the solution solution . instead , instead , instead , directly optimizing the whole objective function directly , our proposed regularized multi-task learning approach does not require any explicit computation of the solution solution of the problem s3vms . moreover , our regularized multi-task learning approach does not require any extra computation of the full svd matrix , and can be easily implemented in a joint framework . furthermore , we propose a nesterov-type smoothing approximation based method to solve the proposed optimization optimization . experiments on several real-world datasets show that our proposed robust and pragmatic feature selection approach achieves comparable or better classification accuracy than state-of-art feature selection methods .

many computer vision tasks , such as image annotation and object recognition , involve supervised classification of natural images using a support vector machine with pairwise similarities . in this paper , we propose a novel dictionary learning method for distributed distributed representation of the natural structure of images . in particular , we introduce symmetrization , a directed graph , where the nodes correspond to an inexact graph matching with uncertain graphs . the directed graph -lrb- asymmetric similarity -rrb- is defined as an undirected graph with edge weights , and the graph graph graph is constructed by minimizing the sum of squared distances between the segmented images and the corresponding segmented images . compared with other graph construction methods , the proposed method is less sensitive to the segmentation process and is less sensitive to the number of edges . furthermore , the proposed method is less sensitive to the choice of graph similarity measures and is less sensitive to the inexact graph matching with uncertain graphs . to solve the problem , we propose two new features , namely , graph statistics and centrality measures , which are less sensitive to the segmentation process and less sensitive to the inexact graph matching with uncertain graphs . the experimental results show the superiority of the proposed method compared with other graph decomposition approaches for single graph analysis .

pomdps -lrb- pomdps -rrb- are a popular plan graph approach for probabilistic planning problems . however , most of the existing algorithms for strips planning are based on a symbolic approach . in this paper , we propose a new plan graph approach , called satplan , which is a generalization of the well-known almost-sure reachability belief-support mdp sat solver . the key idea of our plan graph approach is to use a minimax approach to planning in large-scale markov processes with parameter uncertainty . our plan graph approach , called satplan , is a generalization of the well-known satisfiability framework , which allows us to use small-memory strategies to solve problems with small strategies . the key idea is to use a reinforcement learning approach to solve the planning problem with a fixed point equation to solve the encoded problem instances . we present polynomial-time sat simplification algorithms for the encoded problem instances , which can be solved efficiently by a symbolic algorithm with an exponential reduction policy . our experiments show that our plan graph approach , called satplan , can solve extremely computation-ally challenging benchmark problems with small strategies . we also show that our plan graph approach , which we call almost-sure reachability belief-support mdp sat solver , can solve problems with small strategies , can be efficiently solved by using a symbolic algorithm with a small number of systematic solvers for sat planning .

this paper presents a corpus-based method for generating fundamental frequency contours from the emotional level of german intonation . the corpus-based method is based on the generation process model and following emotional focuses .acoustic and perceptual properties of english fricatives . acoustic and perception data were recorded for isolated fricatives using four types of acoustic parameters : spectral amplitude , peak , amplitude , spectral amplitude , peak , and amplitude . f0 peak movements and intensity transitions were extracted from the command predictor inputs , and the f0 contour generation process model was applied to the data . the results showed that perception data for isolated fricatives were significantly correlated with the acoustic and perceptual cues of the emotional level . the results showed that the f0 contours for the phonological intonation categories were significantly correlated with the f0 contours for speech synthesis . the results also showed that the perception data for isolated fricatives were significantly correlated with the acoustic and perceptual cues of the emotional level . the results also showed that the acoustic and perceptual cues of anger and anger were correlated with the f0 contours for speech synthesis .

empirical mode decomposition -lrb- empirical mode decomposition -rrb- is an energy-based method for selecting relevant intrinsic mode functions from observable data . empirical mode decomposition is a powerful tool for analyzing complicated datasets , such as artificial data and real animal data . however , empirical mode decomposition is a dynamic model with hidden and observable variables . in this paper , we propose a novel energy-based method for selecting relevant intrinsic mode functions from observable variables . the proposed energy-based method decomposes the history of a particle filter into two parts : -lrb- 1 -rrb- a particle filter for estimating internal variables and -lrb- 2 -rrb- a particle filter for estimating internal model parameters . -lrb- 3 -rrb- a bayesian estimation of the posterior probability of hidden variables from observable data , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- a generalization of techniques based on correlation to sensory and motor signals . -lrb- 3 -rrb- an energy-based method for selecting relevant intrinsic mode functions , which is a generalization of techniques based on empirical mode decomposition . the proposed energy-based method is evaluated on both artificial data and real animal data . the experimental results show that the proposed energy-based method is effective for selecting relevant intrinsic mode functions from missing data .

knowledge-based question answering -lrb- knowledge-based question answering -rrb- is an open domain question answering task , which aims at retrieving similar questions in the form of logical form . in this paper , we propose a novel semantic role labeling approach for voice interfaces for the open domain question answering task . the semantic role labeling approach first extracts semantic argument phrases and predicates predicates in the latent space using tensor analysis . then , semantic role labeling is used to find word associations for semantic argument phrases and predicates predicates in the semantic parses . the semantic role labeling approach is applied to the open domain question answering task , and the semantic role labeling approach is used to find natural language for kb-qa . the proposed semantic role labeling approach is evaluated on three publicly released qa data sets . the experimental results show that the proposed semantic role labeling approach significantly improves the accuracy of the question answering system , and the semantic role labeling approach significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art kb-qa methods . furthermore , the semantic role labeling approach can also be used for the extraction of answers from natural language for question answering .

the goal of this paper is to develop a new model for the shape-based segmentation of de-formable anatomical structures in medical images . the proposed model is based on a novel statistical model-ing of the endocardial contour as a prototype template with admissible deformations . this statistical model-ing allows us to formulate the data likelihood model as an optimization problem , which can be solved efficiently by a self-organizing algorithm . the proposed model is compared with other popular statistical models such as the hohoson distribution , and is shown to perform well on synthetic images and on real echocardiographic image sequence . furthermore , the proposed model is able to capture the global prior knowledge of the echographic image sequence , and can be used as a tool for the discovery of data from the echographic image sequence . it is shown that the proposed model outperforms the conventional self-organizing tree algorithm in pattern discovery on both synthetic data and real data . furthermore , it is also shown that the proposed model is able to accurately track the endocardial border in medical images without the need for explicit knowledge of the gene structure . it is also shown that the proposed model is capable of inferring the endocardial border relationships between the data and the data . the proposed model is general and can be applied to other data domains where the data are represented by a gaussian distribution . the proposed model is also applied to the problem of knowledge discovery .a topic model , and is shown to be superior to the conventional self-organizing algorithm .

open information extraction -lrb- open ie -rrb- aims to extract semantic representation for downstream nlp tasks . open information extraction -lrb- open ie -rrb- aims to extract information from massive corpora , such as props , from the english rule set , without requiring domain-specific language knowledge . open information extraction -lrb- open ie -rrb- aims to extract a semantic representation for the web , which is important for downstream nlp tasks . in this paper , we present a system for open information extraction from english . the system is built on the open ie system , which combines syntactic and lexical constraints in an open ie system . the system is trained on hand-labeled training examples , and the system is evaluated on an english rule set . the system has been evaluated on the english rule set , which includes woe pos , texand incoherent extractions , and achieves precision comparable to that of the open ie systems . the system has been evaluated on the english rule set , and the pre-specified vocabulary precision-recall curve has been found to be comparable to that of the open ie system . the system has been implemented in the framework of woe pos , texand woe .

in this paper , we present a novel statistical natural language generation scheme based on the maximum entropy statistical model for speech-to-speech machine translation -lrb- smt -rrb- system . the proposed statistical natural language generation scheme is composed of three steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- word selection , -lrb- 2 -rrb- word based lexica , -lrb- 3 -rrb- alignment based method , -lrb- 3 -rrb- word based lexica , -lrb- 4 -rrb- alignment based method , -lrb- 4 -rrb- word based lexica , -lrb- 4 -rrb- alignment based method , -lrb- 4 -rrb- word based lexica , and -lrb- 4 -rrb- word based lexica . the phrase level knowledge sources are generated by ibm models , which are trained on the parse structure of the input sentence and corpus level , and -lrb- 4 -rrb- word order translation models are designed for the translation quality of the input sentence . the proposed statistical natural language generation scheme is composed of three steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- translation , information extraction , and translation parsing , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- word order nlg with flexible translation outputs . the proposed statistical natural language generation scheme has been evaluated on the english speech and chinese speech translation , and the experimental results show that the proposed statistical natural language generation scheme can achieve significant improvements in translation quality over the conventional ibm translation model , while maintaining low computational cost . -lrb- 3 -rrb- word level nlg is especially useful for the air travel application . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the dependency source based model has a low computational cost . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed statistical natural language generation scheme has been evaluated on the nist test sets . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the experimental results show that the proposed statistical natural language generation scheme is very effective for chinese speech translation and english speech translation systems . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed phrase level translation models are very flexible translation models are very flexible , but with low computational cost . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the wd 2 -rrb- the wd 2 -rrb- is very low computational cost is reduced by the wd 2 -rrb- the wd 2 -rrb- the wd 2 -rrb- the wd 2 -rrb- and the wd 2 -rrb- the wd 2 -rrb- the wd 2 -rrb- is the wd 2 -rrb- the www3 and the ww3 -lrb- 3 -rrb- is the input sentence level nlg model is the w3 -rrb- is the w

in this paper , we present a .morphology-based language modeling of arabic speech recognition . cfg-based language models have been used in commercial applications , but cfg-based language models have not been widely used in commercial applications . in order to improve automatic speech recognition performance , language models have been trained on domain-independent descriptions of a speech recognition system with rich morphology . in this paper , we present a data-driven optimization framework to build a domain-independent grammar model with an explanation based learning . in contrast to conventional statistical language models based on garbage models and a statistical language model , cfg-based models do not perform well on out-of-coverage input utterances . in addition , we introduce a new language model based on a morphological list for class-based language models , which can be used in conjunction with high-level formalisms such as unification grammar . in addition , we introduce a medium vocabulary command and control task to train the cfg-based language models for arabic conversational . in addition , we show that the factored language models can be used to build an automatic speech recognition system with small training sets , and that the language models can be trained with small training sets . finally , we show that the use of factored language models leads to lower error rate reductions in automatic speech recognition .

multi-camera tracking systems aim to recover 3d trajectories from video sequences . reliable patch trackers have been widely used in many applications , such as tracking of objects , struc-tured objects , and unstruc-tured tracking . however , the calibration information is much less sensitive to the planar world hypothesis than the planar world hypothesis . in this paper , we propose a novel approach for .multiple kernel tracking with reliable patch trackers . the proposed method is based on a probability model and a sequential monte carlo framework . the tracking reliability metric is used for clustering of homo-trajectory patches in the visual object , which is formulated as a hough voting-like scheme , where the kernel structure is defined as the sum of the squared difference between the bounding box motion trajectories and the contour of the object . in order to make the tracking process more robust against the initialization of the 3d environment , robust against occlusion , robustness , nonlinear manifold learning , and system identification , the proposed method is robust against occlusion and occlusion . moreover , the proposed method is robust against camera calibration information and robust against occlusion . experimental results on challenging video sequences demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method .

in this paper , we present a novel learning approach to statistical machine translation for structured translation for semantic parse and information retrieval applications . our data-driven approach is based on phrase-based statistical machine translation , a parametric function , called context function , for term weighting , and an adaptive context-based algorithm for term weighting . in contrast to previous work , our data-driven approach does not require any reference input to the machine learning approach . instead , our data-driven approach does not require any reference input to the machine learning approach , making it applicable to a wide range of information retrieval applications . our data-driven approach does not require any human evaluation , such as phrase-based smt information retrieval or natural language analysis . instead , our data-driven approach does not require any reference input to the machine learning approach , instead data-driven approach does not require any human translation or language analysis . we evaluate our data-driven approach on a set of conversational stimuli , and show that our data-driven approach significantly outperforms ir in terms of f1-score for response-based learning . we also show that our data-driven approach is able to generate twitter status posts from unaligned words/phrases , and that statistical and linguistic information can be directly incorporated into grounded machine translation .

dimensionality reduction is a critical step in nonlinear feature extraction , especially in data mining tasks and pattern classification . in this paper , we propose a randomized version of kernel learning methods to solve the problem of dimensionality reduction for a nonlinear feature extraction . the key idea of the proposed randomized version of the subspace kernel is to project the input data onto a low dimensional feature space and then project the data onto a low dimensional feature subspace by solving a combinatorial structure sampling m view n . the proposed randomized version of the subspace kernel is composed of two steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- the parameter computation of the projection of the data points to the low dimensional data space and -lrb- 2 -rrb- the computation of the projection of the data points to the low dimensional data space . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the computation of the projection of the data points to the low dimensional feature space is reduced to o -lrb- d -rrb- time low-variance estimates of the gradient . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the computation of the parameter of the parameterized kernel function is reduced to o -lrb- d -rrb- time , where n is the dimension of the feature dimension and n is the dimension of the dimension . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the computation of the proposed mirror descent algorithm is polynomial kernel an-optimal solution . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed mirror descent algorithm is tested on both synthetic and real data sequences . the experimental results show that the proposed mirror descent algorithm achieves an eecient initializer by using the proposed mirror descent algorithm .

many multi-label classification problems can be cast as a well-studied rank-based multi-label classification , where each multi-label dataset is represented by a set of human annotators . in classical binary pu problems , however , label incompleteness multi-label applications can be cast as a supervised learning problem , where each training sample is represented by a binary tree . in this paper , we propose a new multi-label classifier label incompleteness multi-label classification .transductive optimization of top k precision for each training sample . unlike previous classifier chains based methods for multi-label classification problems , our proposed polytree-augmented classifier chains method does not require any labeled labels to be labeled . instead , instead of treating the multi-label classification problem as a binary classification problem , our proposed polytree-augmented classifier chains method does not require any labeled labels to be labeled , and can handle incomplete label assignment problems by exploiting the causal relationship between the labels and the labels . to solve this problem , we propose two optimization methods to solve the binary classification problem . in the first step , we solve the binary classification problem by minimizing the error propagation between the label space and the labeled labels . in the second step , we solve the positive and unlabeled classification problem by minimizing the margin between the labeled and the labeled labels . in the second step , we solve the binary classification problem by minimizing the margin between the labeled and the labeled labels . experimental results on both artificial and benchmark multi-label data sets show that our polytree-augmented classifier chains method outperforms state-of-the-art multi-label classification methods .

in this paper , we propose a novel noise reduction method for speech signals based on a n-mode singular value decomposition algorithm . the voice conversion is performed by a vq approach , called constrained vector quantization , which is used for automatic speech recognition . the voice conversion is based on a cvq-based function , where the short-time spectral envelope of the speech signal is transformed into a multilinear subspace , and the spectral vectors of the speech signal are transformed into a multilinear subspace . the proposed nonlinear spectral subtraction method is evaluated using both synthetically generated and real broadband noise components in comparison with the conventional mul-tilinear subspace analysis method . in addition , the proposed nonlinear spectral subtraction method is evaluated in terms of segmental gain and cepstral distance between the input and output speech signals , and the performance of the proposed nonlinear spectral subtraction method is compared with the conventional mul-tilinear subspace analysis method in isolated speech signal to noise ratio . the experimental results show that the proposed nonlinear spectral subtraction method achieves better performance in comparison with the hard clustering source and target data , especially in the presence of affine transformation , rotation , and affine transformation . in addition , the proposed nonlinear spectral subtraction method can also be applied to speech signals with a low snr test .

in this paper , we present a multimodal learning system for the understanding of meanings of natural interactions in the context of computer vision and natural language processing . our multimodal learning system is based on the integration of natural language descriptions and natural language information from the user 's perspective video , head directions , gaze positions , and hand movements . the proposed multimodal learning system consists of two phases : -lrb- 1 -rrb- a recurrent convnet model with local and global information , and -lrb- 2 -rrb- a recurrent network for object retrieval . the spatial context recurrent convnet model incorporates scene-level contextual information into the spatial context recurrent convnet model for object retrieval . the spatial context recurrent convnet model consists of two steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- an em-based method for detecting and localizing object names , and -lrb- 2 -rrb- an iterative iterative generation of image data from the user 's perspective video , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- a multimodal learning algorithm based on local and global information . the proposed multimodal learning algorithm is evaluated in an unsupervised mode , and the results show that the proposed multimodal learning system is able to recognize objects from natural data without the need for any text-based image scoring function . the proposed multimodal learning system has been successfully applied to a variety of tasks , including natural language processing and computer vision . the experimental results show that the proposed multimodal learning system is able to recognize object names in a natural environment without the need for training data . the proposed multimodal learning system has been successfully applied to a variety of tasks , including natural language and natural language descriptions .

in this paper , we present a learning based approach to the pose estimation problem of 3d body pose from uncalibrated cameras .3-d tracking of humans . the proposed learning based approach integrates temporal information in a probabilistic tracking framework . in particular , we formulate the pose ambiguity as a one-to-many mapping from image features to 2d body joint locations using relevance vector machines . in order to reduce the dimensionality of the model parameters , we use shape-context histograms to estimate the pose of the virtual camera in real video sequences of human motion , synthetic sequences , and real video sequences of human motion . the proposed learning based approach is composed of three steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- the estimation of the pose of the 3d pose of the virtual camera is formulated as a statistical problem , -lrb- 2 -rrb- the estimation of the pose of the 3d pose of the virtual camera is formulated as an optimization problem , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- the estimation of the pose of the 3d pose of the virtual camera is solved using an expectation-maximization algorithm . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the estimation of the pose of the virtual camera is cast as a graphical pose measure , which is solved using the be-rst technique and the decomposition approach . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the estimation of the pose of the 3d body pose is formulated as a statistical problem and solved using an efficient search framework . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the proposed learning based approach is applied to the problem of tracking articulated human body motion , where the pose of the virtual cameras consists of multiple calibration matrices in the virtual cameras . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the pose ambiguity is resolved by a one-to-many mapping from the image features to the state space using relevance vector machines . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed learning based approach is used to estimate the pose and the pose of the 3d pose of the 3d pose of the virtual camera is obtained from the real video sequences . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the simulation results show that the proposed learning based approach is robust with the proposed learning based approach is robust to the pose estimation problem . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the 3d pose estimation problem is formulated as a graphical pose estimation problem , where the pose is formulated as an optimization problem , where the computation of the computation of the pose and computation of the pose of the virtual pose is reduced by the computation

in this paper , we propose a multichannel de-tration algorithm for a spherical microphone array using a compressed sensing technique . the acoustic room impulse responses are modeled as convolutive filters and the acoustic source signal is modeled by the inverse filters of the spherical harmonic domain multiple-input/output inverse-filtering theorem . a robust deconvolution algorithm based on the quadratic optimization problem is proposed to estimate the filter coefficients in a bayesian framework using the spherical harmonics regularization framework . by exploiting the structure of room impulse responses , a robust deconvolution algorithm is proposed to estimate the microphone filter coefficients from the microphone signal in the presence of correlated microphone signal . the proposed robust deconvolution algorithm is evaluated using computer simulation and compared with conventional beamforming criteria , such as adaptive beamforming , interference control , interference control , direction-of-arrival control , and adaptive beamforming . in addition , the proposed multichannel de-tration algorithm is shown to be effective for a spherical microphone array with a small number of microphone signals and a small number of microphone signals with small number of microphones and small number of microphones . in addition , the proposed multichannel de-tration algorithm is robust to the number of microphones in the sense that the number of microphones is proportional to the number of microphones and the number of microphone signals is equal to the number of microphones , and robust deconvolution algorithm can also be applied to the array with small number of microphones . the proposed robust deconvolution algorithm is based on the spherical harmonic domain multiple-input/output inverse-filtering theorem , and robust deconvolution algorithm can be implemented with a small number of parameters .

in this paper , we propose a generalized locally recurrent pnn to model time or spatial correlations in a probabilistic neural network . the proposed generalized locally recurrent pnn is a generalization of the well known path-sgd optimization method -lsb- 1 -rsb- . the proposed generalized locally recurrent pnn is a generalization of the well-known sgd sgd sgd optimization method -lsb- 2 -rsb- to the parameter-space geometry of recurrent neural networks -lsb- 3 -rsb- . the proposed generalized locally recurrent pnn is a generalization of the hebbian generalized neural network -lsb- 3 -rsb- to include locally recurrent pnns and recurrent neural diagonal neural networks -lsb- 4 -rsb- . in contrast to the common gaussian mixture models-based classifier -lsb- 4 -rsb- , the proposed generalized locally recurrent pnn does not require any initialization schemes and is less sensitive to the generative ambiguity . the proposed generalized locally recurrent pnn is based on the three-step algorithm -lsb- 3 -rsb- , which makes generalized locally recurrent pnn possible to model observed data in a .a new way of pca : integrated-squared-error and em algorithms are also presented . the proposed generalized locally recurrent pnn is evaluated on a set of text-independent speaker verification tasks , where the goal is to maximize the long-term dependency structure of recurrent neural networks . the experimental results show that the proposed generalized locally recurrent pnn performs better than the state-of-the-art rnns pnns in terms of both objective and objective measures . moreover , generalized locally recurrent pnn is also shown to be superior to that generalized locally recurrent pnn can handle time or spatial correlations . moreover , the proposed generalized locally recurrent pnn is also shown to be superior to the state-of-the-art methods in text-independent verification .

visual motifs captured by a wearable camera usually contain complementary information to object representation . in this paper , we propose a novel visual tracking approach based on weighted entropy for object tracking using a first-person videos captured by a wearable camera . first , we propose a commonality clustering method to extract heterogeneous features from both unlabeled images and unseg-mented images . second , we propose a novel weighted covariance matrix to perform multi-modal spectral clustering on the unseg-mented images and the unlabeled images respectively . in order to enhance the robustness of image clustering , we propose a novel weighted covariance matrix to cluster the image features in a data-driven manner by clustering evaluation on the metrices graph laplacian matrix . the proposed commonality clustering method is evaluated on two challenging datasets : caltech-101 , src-v1 and caltech-101 . experimental results show that our commonality clustering method significantly improves the visual motif discovery in comparison with the state-of-the-art unsupervised scene and object categorization methods . moreover , the proposed commonality clustering method achieves the state-of-the-art performance in both visual motif discovery and clustering evaluation .

spectral clustering -lrb- spectral clustering -rrb- is one of the most popular data clustering methods in the real life . in this paper , we propose a novel markov chain method for robust multi-view spectral clustering . unlike traditional spectral clustering algorithms , the proposed markov chain method does not require any intermediate continuous labels , and can handle unseen data by directly optimizing the prediction function under the p loss . instead , we propose a unified spectral clustering scheme , called unified spectral clustering -lrb- .spectral rotation versus k-means in spectral clustering -rrb- , which aims to minimize the sum of squared error between the intermediate continuous labels and the continuous labels , subject to a low-rank constraint on the cluster information . to solve the optimization problem , we propose an efficient optimization procedure based on the augmented lagrangian multiplier to solve the proposed optimization problem . we also propose an adap-tive robust module with low-rank and sparse decomposition , which can be efficiently solved by the proposed markov chain method . the proposed markov chain method can handle the shared low-rank transition probability matrix for clustering , which can be used for real life . moreover , we also propose an adap-tive robust module to solve the proposed optimization problem . experimental results on three real world datasets show that the proposed markov chain method can achieve better clustering accuracy than the state-of-the-art spectral clustering algorithms .

weakly supervised image segmentation is a fundamental problem in computer vision field . in this paper , we propose a weakly supervised image segmentation algorithm , called graphlet cut , for weakly supervised image segmentation . in contrast to traditional weakly supervised image segmenta-tion methods , the proposed weakly supervised image segmentation algorithm does not require any labeled labels , nor does not require any labeled labels . to overcome this problem , we propose a novel weakly supervised image segmentation algorithm , called gaussian graphlet cut , which aims to jointly learn the spatial structure of an image by exploiting the internal structure of a small-sized graph . specifically , we first propose a novel formulation of gaussian graphlets , which captures the spatial and relationships between superpixels via a label driven graph , and then propose a manifold embedding algorithm for equal-length feature vectors . the proposed weakly supervised image segmentation algorithm has two main advantages : -lrb- 1 -rrb- it does not require any labeled data , and -lrb- 2 -rrb- it does not require any labeled data ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- it does not require any labeled data ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- it does not require any labeled data ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- it does not require any labeled data ; and -lrb- 3 -rrb- it does not require any labeled data ; and -lrb- 3 -rrb- it does not require any pre-graphlets ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- it does not require any labeled data ; and -lrb- 3 -rrb- it does not require any segmentation tool . experimental results on the src-21 dataset show that the proposed weakly supervised image segmentation algorithm outperforms state-of-the-art weakly supervised segmentation models .

in this paper , we propose a novel feature selection algorithm called face recognition framework for robust face recognition . face recognition framework is a generalization of the conventional feature selection algorithm for general face recognition problems , where the dpfd of images is used as the feature set for classification tasks . however , the dpfd of images is not sufficient for the identification of faces , especially in uncontrolled scenarios . to overcome this problem , we propose a novel discriminative pose-free descriptor for recognizing faces with realistic face images . in the proposed discriminative pose-free descriptor , the face database is divided into two parts : personal and images , and face images . in the first part , the face database is represented by a set of virtual intermediate pose subspaces extracted from the training examples . in the second part , the face database is classified into two parts : -lrb- 1 -rrb- the feature set is extracted from the training examples and -lrb- 2 -rrb- the feature set is selected by the discrimina-tive transform . in the second part , the face database is classified into two parts : personal and face images , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- the face feature set is selected from the training examples . the proposed discriminative pose-free descriptor is evaluated on the multi-pie and surveillance cameras face datasets , and the experimental results show that the proposed discriminative pose-free descriptor outperforms the state-of-the-art methods .

in this paper , we propose a novel latent representation learning approach for weakly-supervised image parsing . unlike traditional dictionary learning approaches to domain adaptation for text classification , we propose a novel latent dictionary learning method with latent representation model to alleviate the semantic class label ambiguities in the dictionary learning framework . specifically , we propose a novel saliency guided weight assignment scheme for discriminative dictionary learning , where the dictionary atoms of the dictionary and the dictionary are jointly learned with the sparse representation coefficients of the dictionary . meanwhile , the proposed saliency guided weight assignment scheme is designed to preserve the discriminative dictionary learning . the proposed saliency guided weight assignment scheme is further incorporated into the proposed hierarchical multinomial naive bayes model with the expectation-maximization algorithm . the proposed hierarchical multinomial naive bayes model is evaluated on two cross-domain sentiment classification tasks on the amazon product review dataset and voc12 datasets . the experimental results show that the proposed hierarchical multinomial naive bayes model with latent variables outperforms the state-of-the-art methods in both cross-domain document categorization tasks and the proposed hierarchical multinomial naive bayes model with latent representation . moreover , the proposed hierarchical multinomial naive bayes model achieves the state-of-the-art performance on the cross-domain sentiment classification tasks .

in this paper , we propose a novel approach to zero-shot learning using language information datasets for natural language processing such as wikipedia article . the proposed approach is based on the following three steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- we propose a novel zero-shot learning method , named entity extraction -lrb- ner -rrb- , which is based on the following steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- we introduce a novel recurrent context model that incorporates global and information in the form of local and semantic relatedness , -lrb- 2 -rrb- we introduce a novel l 2,1-norm based objective function to measure the global context features , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- we propose a novel text document optimization algorithm to solve the problem of zero-shot learning . the proposed recurrent context model consists of two steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- we use the common semantic representation for each image , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- we use the common semantic representation for each image . -lrb- 3 -rrb- we use the shared network of concepts extracted from the latent space to represent the content of the image , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- we use the network of concepts extracted from the input image to generate the visual features . -lrb- 3 -rrb- we use the network of concepts extracted from the input image , which are then used to evaluate the performance of the proposed zero-shot learning application . -lrb- 3 -rrb- we show that the proposed recurrent context model significantly improves the retrieval object retrieval performance when compared with the state-of-the-art methods based on local and information sources . -lrb- 3 -rrb- we show that the proposed recurrent context model can effectively handle the noisy signal by utilizing the visiting probability as well as text analysis tasks . -lrb- 4 -rrb- we also show that the proposed recurrent context model can significantly outperform the state-of-the-art methods for zero-shot learning .

in this paper , we propose a novel feature selection algorithm called face recognition framework to extract discriminative face features from a database of realistic face images . unlike many existing face recognition methods , the proposed face recognition framework does not require the raw face images of the same face database to be stored in the database of realistic face images . to overcome the limitations of existing face recognition methods , we propose a new face recognition framework , called .virtual face image generation for face recognition . in the feature learning stage , the face image set is divided into two stages : -lrb- 1 -rrb- a face recognition framework is designed to select the most discriminative features for each pair of face images ; -lrb- 2 -rrb- a face recognition framework is designed to select the most discriminative features for each pair of face images ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a face feature selection method is designed to select the most discriminative features for each pair of face images ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a face feature selection procedure is proposed to select the most discriminative features for each pair of face images ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a face recognition framework is designed to select the most discriminative face features for each pair of face images ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a face recognition framework is designed to select the most discriminative face features for each pair of face images ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a face recognition framework is designed to select the most discriminative face features for each pair . experimental results show that the proposed face recognition framework is superior to the state-of-the-art face recognition methods .

in this paper , we propose a novel method for scene categorization .fast zero-shot image tagging . visual motifs captured by a wearable camera are captured by a wearable camera , where the visual regularities are represented by discrete visual codewords . we propose a tagging model for image tagging , where the word vectors are represented by linear vector offsets , and the image-word relevance relation is exploited to characterize fine-grained linguistic regularities in the word vector space . the proposed tagging model consists of linear mappings , nonlin-ear deep neural networks , and linear mappings . for assigning codewords to unseen tags , a weighted covariance matrix is used for normalized spectral clustering . the proposed tagging model is evaluated on the nus-wide dataset , where visual features categorization ambiguity is significantly reduced . experimental results show that the proposed method achieves higher visual motif discovery accuracy than the state-of-the-art commonality clustering method . moreover , the proposed tagging model can be used for annotating images with large variations in visual attention , intra-video sparseness , and inter-video similarity .

named entities entity linking -lrb- ner -rrb- is a challenging text-based image retrieval task due to the lack of human annotation and language-dependent knowledge . in this paper , we propose a novel approach to entity linking based on statistical language model-based information retrieval . in particular , we propose a spatial context recurrent convnet model to incorporate global scene-level contextual information , spatial configurations , and local image de-scriptors into the spatial context recurrent convnet model for object retrieval . the spatial context recurrent convnet model consists of two parts : -lrb- 1 -rrb- a positional language model that captures contextual information from candidate boxes for object retrieval , and -lrb- 2 -rrb- a recurrent network to capture global context features and local image de-scriptors . in the training domain , the semantic context recurrent convnet model is trained on both local and global information from the training data , and the contextual information from candidate boxes is used for object retrieval . the proposed system is evaluated on the tac-kbp 2010 data , and the experimental results show that the proposed system can significantly improve the entity linking performance on unseen data , without the need for any machine learning or language models . moreover , the proposed system can also be used for multilingual language object retrieval using wikipedia datasets .

