in this paper , we propose a novel approach to enhance the classifier accuracy by incorporating the discriminative training of support vector machine and support vector machine . specifically , we propose a discrimina-tive training approach to improve the classification error classification accuracy by incorporating the constrained minimization approach with the latent semantic indexing matrix and support vector machines . specifically , we use the generalized linear discriminate sequence kernel to build the vector support vector framework for the binary identification tasks . in order to reduce the dimensionality of the training data , we introduce the concept of score separation ensemble as a generalization of the conventional vector-space model . we also propose a combination strategy to estimate the hidden language labels of dyadic interactions in order to maximize the classifier accuracy . the proposed approach is evaluated on the switchboard databases and the results show that the proposed method outperforms the baseline classifiers in terms of relative error reduction accuracy . furthermore , the proposed method can be applied to other language identification tasks using the proposed ordinal regression algorithm . compared with the state-of-art svm system , the proposed pair-wise probability estimation algorithm is also shown to outperform the state-of-art svm system on the nist language evaluation tasks .

in this paper , we present a novel method for normalizing road signs . the proposed method is based on the color shifting property of a multiple color-filter aperture camera . the color shifting property of a multiple color-filter aperture camera is used to extract depth information from an misaligned color image . color shifting vectors are extracted from the full depth map using laplacian matting method . color shifting vectors are extracted from the color shifting mask map . the color shifting property of a multiple color-filter aperture camera is estimated from the color shifting mask map . the color shifting property of a single camera-based full depth map is used to estimate the illuminant color changes , viewpoint direction shadowing , and occluding contour . the proposed method is tested on a variety of scenes with arbitrary viewpoint behaviors . the experimental results show that the proposed method can accurately estimate the illuminant color changes and the viewpoint direction of the observer . moreover , the proposed method can be used for global surface reconstruction by purposive viewpoint adjustment .

in this paper , we present a variational method for simultaneous estimation of dense scene flow and structure from stereo sequences . the proposed variational method is based on the assumption that the camera trajectories are represented by adaptative models , and that the joint energy functional is minimized subject to the normalisation of image and stereo constraints . the novelty of our variational method is that the estimation of motion in perspective image sequences is not possible due to the fact that the observed motion in the camera is not known a priori , and the estimation of motion in the presence of noise , occlusions , and line segments is not required . the proposed variational method does not require any pre-calibration of the camera parameters , nor does not require any pre-calibration procedure . the proposed variational method is evaluated on both calibrated and uncalibrated data with a fully calibrated camera setup , and on real imagery with unknown stereo setup . the variational method is evaluated on both calibrated and uncalibrated data , and the results show that the proposed variational method is able to recover both the 3d and the temporal information of the 3d scene , without the need for any pre-calibration of the camera . the variational method is also applied to both calibrated and uncalibrated data , as well as to real imagery . the proposed variational method is also applied to the problem of recovering motion and structure from motion from motion in perspective image sequences . the proposed variational method does not require any pre-calibration , nor does not require any pre-calibration , nor does not require any prior knowledge of the 3d structure . the variational method is also applicable to the problem of recovering motion in a fully calibrated camera setup .

in this paper , we propose a hierarchical language identification framework with multi-level classification features . the proposed hierarchical language identification framework consists of three steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- a frame-based parallel speech feature detection system , -lrb- 2 -rrb- a segment-based phoneme classification system , -lrb- 3 -rrb- a frame-based parallel speech feature detection system , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- a hierarchical language identification framework . the proposed hierarchical language identification framework consists of three stages : -lrb- 1 -rrb- a frame-based parallel speech feature distribution , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- a hierarchical classification system based on linear svm -rrb- . the proposed hierarchical language identification framework consists of three stages : -lrb- 1 -rrb- a hierarchical distinctive speech features for phonemes ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a set of parallel or hierarchical distinctive speech features for phonemes ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a set of parallel or hierarchical distinctive speech features for each phonemes ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a set of parallel features for each phonemes ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a set of informative codes for each language ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a set of parallel or hierarchical distinctive speech features for each phonemes ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a set of hierarchical distinctive features for each language ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a set of hierarchical distinctive features for each language ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a set of parallel features for each language ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a hierarchical classification method for each language ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- a set of feature detection and -lrb- 4 -rrb- a hierarchical language identification framework for each language . experimental results on ogi 10-language database show that the proposed hierarchical language identification framework outperforms the state-of-the-art gmm fusion system with multi-level classification features .

in this paper , we consider the problem of privacy preserving m-estimators under local differential privacy constraints . in particular , we consider the problem of privacy preserving m-estimators under perturbed histograms , where the goal is to minimize the utility function subject to noise and noise , subject to constraints on the data level . we consider the problem of minimizing the utility function subject to a convex relaxation of a finite-dimensional linear program , where the goal is to minimize the sum of a convex relaxation of the resulting optimization problem . in contrast to classical information theoretic utilities such as mutual information and f-divergences , adaptive cancellation requires time-varying filtering in the presence of signal to noise and signal to noise . in contrast , we show that , under certain conditions , the optimal staircase mechanism is guaranteed to converge to a stationary point of the optimal staircase mechanism . in particular , we show that under certain conditions , the optimal staircase mechanism is guaranteed to converge to a stationary point of the optimal staircase mechanism . in particular , we show that under certain conditions , the proposed algorithm converges to a stationary point of the optimal staircase mechanism . in particular , we show that under certain conditions , the proposed algorithm converges to a stationary point of the optimal staircase mechanism . we also show that under certain conditions , the proposed algorithm converges to an approximate solution to a general class of m-estimators with both statistical utility and hard constraints and a data fidelity term . finally , we demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm on a real world data set with continuous and categorical variables .

this paper presents a physics-based model , called kneed walker , for monocular tracking . the physics-based model is based on a planar biomechanical characterization of human the walking plane . the physics-based model is composed of a 3d kinematic model , a 3d kinematic model , and a 3d kinematic model of human walking speeds . the physics-based model is composed of two steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- a 3d kinematic model of walking , and -lrb- 2 -rrb- a 3d kinematic model of walking , which is parameterized by a set of step lengths , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- a quadratic neighbor algorithm with euclidean distance to estimate the joint limits and ground collisions . the key idea of kneed walker is to use dynamical models for low-dimensional embedding of human motion data ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- to estimate the joint density of the walking and walking plane , a set of step lengths , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- to estimate the parameters of the measurement model , subject to weak motion and occlusion , as well as to infer the 2d pose of the walking plane , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- to estimate the ground collisions and the joint limits . the proposed physics-based model is evaluated on a set of challenging sequences of people with natural human walking speeds . the results show that the proposed physics-based model is able to accurately estimate the joint pose and position of the walking plane , even in the presence of weak motions . the proposed physics-based model is applied to monocular tracking with lower tra-jectories for gait recognition . the experimental results show that the proposed physics-based model is capable of tracking with a large number of 3d motions .

in this paper , we address the problem of ranking a large-scale non-convex implementation using multiple collaborative filtering datasets . most existing unsupervised feature selection methods rely on pre-computed local structure information in the form of pre-computed local structure information in the form of pairwise preferences . in this paper , we propose a novel yet effective unsupervised feature selection method , referred to as rank r score matrix , for pairwise data . specifically , we propose a regularized regression-based formulation , where each data point is represented as a pairwise distribution over the latent cluster centers , and then the rank r score matrix is used to rank the pairwise data by maximizing expected ranking gain . specifically , we formulate the objective function as a minimization factored form of the objective function subject to the gradient potentials of the objective function , and propose an efficient optimization algorithm to solve the objective function . in particular , we incorporate the pairwise information into the objective function , which can be solved efficiently by convex optimization . in addition , we propose a rank r score matrix to capture the latent cluster information from the unlabeled data , which can be efficiently solved by the alternating minimization of the objective function . extensive experiments on torle.0 data set show that the proposed prunfs approach significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art methods in ranking , especially in the collaborative ranking setting .

in this paper , we propose a graph theoretic approach to object shape representation in a hierarchical compositional architecture called composi-tional hierarchy of parts . the composi-tional hierarchy of parts is a hierarchical compositional architecture with part shareability and indexing mechanisms to enable fast inference of part compositions . the proposed graph theoretic approach is based on the minimum description length principle , which is a generalization of the minimum description length principle to the continuous case of object shape representation . the proposed graph theoretic approach is based on a hybrid generative-descriptive model , where the internal internal models are represented by the state transition matrices , and the internal models are updated by the minimum conditional entropy clustering algorithm . the proposed hierarchical appearance-based method has been evaluated on a benchmark two-dimensional shape image datasets , and the results show that the proposed hierarchical appearance-based method can achieve better performance than the state-of-the-art shape retrieval methods in terms of computational complexity , especially in the presence of arbitrary clutter . furthermore , the proposed graph theoretic approach is general and can be applied to other applications such as object segmentation and recognition , where the goal is to recognize and recognize objects in complex environments . in addition , the proposed graph theoretic approach is general and can be applied to other applications such as object recognition and understanding in a probabilistic framework .

in this paper , we propose a content-aware authentication scheme for jpeg-2000 streams over lossy networks . the proposed content-aware authentication scheme consists of three main steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- a video surveillance and image processing ; -lrb- 2 -rrb- a video surveillance and cryptographic techniques ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- an encrypted packet body ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- an encrypted packet body ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- an image content ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- an image content preserving camera with privacy ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a video surveillance and image processing ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- an image content preserving ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- an image content preserving ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a secure encryption algorithm based on the secure encryption algorithm ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a secure encryption algorithm based on the proposed secure encryption algorithm . the proposed secure encryption algorithm has been implemented on a dsp hardware with smallness , optimization cost , and network condition . the proposed content-aware authentication scheme has been implemented on the jpeg 2000 jpeg2000 syntax , and the experimental results show that the proposed content-aware authentication scheme is very efficient and robust to jpeg 2000 streams . the proposed content-aware authentication scheme has been implemented in a real-time application , and the results show that the proposed content-aware authentication scheme is very efficient in comparison with the conventional jpeg 2000 jpeg2000 syntax . the proposed content-aware authentication scheme can also be used for jpeg 2000 streams .

visual recognition aims to learn image representations that are invariant to translation , scale , rotation , and generic warping . in this paper , we propose a classification architecture pronet for object classification and point-based localization using convolutional neural networks . the proposed classification architecture pronet learns a kernel feature map from a set of bounding box annotations in the neural network literature . in contrast to traditional convolutional neural networks , the proposed classification architecture pronet learns a reproducing kernel from image-level annotations , which is invariant to arbitrary locations and invariance to supervision . in addition , the proposed classification architecture pronet learns a kernel feature map from a set of neural networks , which can be trained end-to-end using convolutional neural networks . in contrast to previous network architectures , the proposed classification architecture pronet does not require supervision in the training process , making classification architecture pronet suitable for a variety of visual recognition tasks . the proposed classification architecture pronet is trained on the mnist dataset and achieves state-of-the-art performance on the cifar-10 and the cifar-10 10 datasets . in addition , the proposed classification architecture pronet can learn image regions using convolutional neural networks , without any supervision or bounding box annotations . moreover , the proposed classification architecture pronet can be applied to other visual recognition tasks .

in real world pattern recognition applications such as computer vision , multidimensional vectors , and natural language processing , the prediction of structured outputs is an important and challenging biological network inference problem . in this paper , we present a novel probabilistic learning method for the reconstruction of images of handwritten digits . the structured learning method , called structured output-associative regression , is a generalization of tree-based methods to the prediction of structured outputs with continuous shape transformations such as additive noise and temporal warping . structured output-associative regression is a generalization of the tree-based ensemble methods to the case of known input and output signals . the key idea of the proposed probabilistic learning method is to cast the prediction of structured outputs as a product of two steps : -lrb- i -rrb- the prediction of structured outputs using the internal structure of the gram matrix and -lrb- ii -rrb- the prediction of outputs using the self-dependency between the output and the output , and -lrb- iii -rrb- the prediction of outputs using the internal structure of the tensor . the proposed unsupervised algorithm is evaluated on several real-world data sets , and compared with several state-of-the-art algorithms such as support vector regression , ridge kernel , input scalability , and irrelevant variables robustness . the results show that the proposed unsupervised algorithm is able to correctly predict the 3d human pose in real time series data . the proposed unsupervised algorithm can also be applied to other applications such as computer vision and computational biology .

in this paper , we present a novel approach for .robust estimation of texture flow from junctions images . the proposed approach is based on a layered representation of a biological visual system that captures layered surface structure . in contrast to previous approaches , the proposed method does not require any knowledge of the surface structure , nor does not require any information about the surface structure . instead , it does not require any information about the surface structure , nor does not require any information about the surface structure . instead , it does not require any information about the surface structure , instead it does not require any information about the surface structure . instead , it does not require any information about the surface structure , instead it does not require any information about the surface structure . instead , it does not require any information about the surface structure , instead it does not require any information about the surface structure . instead , it does not require any information about the surface location or the image intensity , instead it does not require any information about the surface structure . instead , it does not require any information about the surface structure , nor does it require any information about the shape of the object . the proposed method is based on a novel , stratified photometric stereo approach , where the contour is represented as discrete orientations in the feature vector , and uses a linear shift for rotation . we demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method on synthetic and real images for highly distorted examples .

in this paper , we propose a novel graph-based transductive learning approach for interactive image segmentation . in contrast to previous transductive approaches that rely on an 8-connected neighborhood system , our graph-based transductive learning approach does not require any training data for image segmen-tation . instead , we use convolutional neural networks to learn discriminative features and classifiers for local patch classification . in contrast to previous approaches that rely on a joint energy model , our graph-based transductive learning approach is capable of transferring local view to visually similar pixels . in contrast to traditional color probabilistic model based approach , our graph-based transductive learning approach does not require any knowledge of the pixel similarity in the input image . instead , we use a global scene semantics to capture ambiguity of local context in the input image . in addition , we introduce a global potential to enforce the global scene constraint in the energy function , which can be solved efficiently by computing local neighbors in the input image . in addition , we introduce a novel path-based metric , called connectivity similarity , to measure the pixel similarity between the unlabeled image pixels and the corresponding pixels in the input image . in addition , our graph-based transductive learning approach is able to deal with multi-label case , which is much more challenging than traditional color probabilistic model based approach . in addition , our graph-based transductive learning approach allows for interactive image segmentation , which is much less sensitive to the local order in the input image . in addition , our graph-based transductive learning approach is able to handle both road and sidewalk pixels , which is very challenging for real applications . in addition , our experimental results show that our graph-based transductive learning approach can achieve better image segmentation performance than the state-of-the-art methods with an 8-connected neighborhood system .

in this paper , we propose a probabilistic integrated model for layered object tracking in natural scenes . view synthesis is a hierarchical , graph-based segmentation setting for dynamic texture segmentation with arbitrary motion -lrb- e.g. , dynamic textures -rrb- . unlike conventional cnn-based techniques , view synthesis does not take into account the complex segment characteristics -lrb- e.g. , complex segment characteristics -rrb- and the complex appearance of the objects -lrb- e.g. , dynamic textures -rrb- . our probabilistic integrated model combines motion features , a supervised learning approach , and a set of custom spatiotemporal filters -lrb- e.g. , layer shapes , gaussian flow , and layer evolution -rrb- . in particular , view synthesis is formulated as a pixel copying task , where optical flow is modeled as a brightness constancy assumption , and the appearance flow is modeled as a set of 2-d coordinate vectors . efficient mcmc sampling is used for the particle filtering approach . we demonstrate the effectiveness of our probabilistic integrated model in the challenging task of layered object tracking in the presence of arbitrary viewpoint and motion segmentation . in particular , we show that our probabilistic integrated model significantly outperforms state-of-the-art methods on a variety of datasets , including segmentation of videos with complex appearance , topological constraints , and implicit appearance models . we also show that our probabilistic integrated model outperforms state-of-the-art cnn-based techniques on a variety of datasets .

sentiment word identification -lrb- sentiment word identification -rrb- is an important component in sentiment analysis applications . in this paper , we propose an optimization-based model for improving sentiment word identification in a low resource setting . unlike previous work , our optimization-based model does not require any labeled data or any external resource . instead , our optimization-based model learns a sentiment lexicon from a small set of seed words , and then applies conditional random fields with linguistically-informed features to predict the sentiment document . the sentiment analysis is formulated as a sequence tagging problem , which can be solved efficiently by a naive bayes model . the proposed optimization-based model does not require any labeled data or any labeled data , and can be used for sentiment analysis in a low resource setting . the proposed optimization-based model is evaluated on three real datasets : english , spanish , and unlabeled documents . the experimental results show that the proposed optimization-based model significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art methods in terms of both sentiment prediction and named entity recognition . moreover , the proposed optimization-based model can also be used for improving sentiment word identification in a low resource setting . the proposed optimization-based model can also be applied to other tasks such as human understanding of language and unlabeled documents .

this paper presents a lossy coding technique for surface emg signals based on a multiple channel hvs model . the lossy coding technique is based on a linear predictive coding paradigm , where the signal matrix consists of spectral redundancy in the local band-limited contrast . the proposed lossy coding technique has been tested on simulated and experimental signals in telemedicine . the proposed lossy coding technique has been evaluated on both simulated and experimental signals , and the results show that the proposed lossy coding technique has a better perceptual image quality than the well-known spectral-decorrelation methods . in particular , the proposed lossy coding technique has a better performance in reducing the bitrate ergonomics and occupational medicine compared to the digital image compression . in addition , the proposed lossy coding technique has a better performance in reducing the bitrate of multi-channel surface emg signals while preserving the local scaling function of the reconstructed signal . in addition , the proposed lossy coding technique has a better performance in reducing the noise due to the local scaling term of the signal . in addition , the proposed lossy coding technique can also be applied to multi-channel electromyographic recordings with short frequency bands , such as mean frequency median frequency , skewness variance , and kur-tosis . the proposed lossy coding technique can also be applied to other types of signals . the proposed lossy coding technique can also be applied to other types of multi-channel electromyographic recordings where the signal is processed by the linear predictive coding paradigm . it is shown that the proposed lossy coding technique has a better perceptual image quality than that of the well-known spectral-decorrelation methods .

in this paper , we consider the detection in speech .gauss mixture vector quantization , where the acoustic and lexical information are captured by data sources such as paper citations . gaussian sources are used to capture the extremal property in source coding , and the classification model is derived from noisy side information with pairwise constraints on the data sources . we propose a generalized maximum entropy model , where the parameters of the generalized maximum entropy model are estimated from the posterior probabilities of the hidden markov sequence models via maximum likelihood estimation and model interpolation . the maximum entropy model is a generalization of the lloyd clustering approach to lpc speech vector quantization , which allows us to incorporate the pre-trained probability models into the maxent framework . in contrast to the maximum entropy model , the minimum discrimination information is used for model selection . the proposed lloyd clustering approach has been evaluated on a sentence-boundary detection task using the hmm-based state-of-the-art system . theoretic analysis and experimental results show that the proposed lloyd clustering approach has a high rate of detecting sentence-like units in continuous speech .

named entity recognition -lrb- ner -rrb- systems for indian languages , such as hindi and indian languages telugu , have become an important research topic in the research community . most of the current state-of-the-art named entity recognition systems are based on statistical methods for named entity recognition . in this paper , we propose a character n-gram based approach based on generative models for identifying language entities in indian languages . the proposed character n-gram based approach is composed of three steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- a rule based system for identifying named entities based on the ethnic origin of words ; -lrb- 2 -rrb- a dis-criminative model for identifying language features ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a rule based system for identifying named entities based on the linguistic analysis . the character n-gram based approach is evaluated on the south and south east asian languages , and the results show that character n-gram based models outperform word based models . the character n-gram based approach is also evaluated on the english language , and the results show that character n-gram based models perform better than word based models . in addition , the proposed character n-gram based approach provides a .knowledge of language origin improves pronunciation accuracy of proper names for indian language , especially in the case of unknown language backgrounds . the proposed character n-gram based approach is also very useful for identifying language entities in indian languages .

linear transforms -lrb- linear transforms -rrb- estimation algorithms have been widely used in adaptation for speech recognition systems . in this paper , we propose a two-step bayesian approach to the training time expansion coefficients for robust speech recognition . in contrast to the conventional vector taylor series approach , the training time expansion coefficients are first transformed into a vector with piecewise approximations , and then applied to the noisy cepstral coefficients in a sparse setting . in contrast to the traditional numerical integration techniques , the proposed newton method does not require any prior knowledge of the training data subspace , and thus is suitable for parallel environments . in particular , the non-linear filtering problem is formulated as a linear approximations of the training data subspace with the help of a singular value of the hessian parameter . the proposed newton method consists of an active-set , second-order and phase prediction with the help of a numerical integration based approach . the proposed newton method is evaluated on a speech recognition problem in the sparse setting using the l1 term and on aurora 2 database . compared with the conventional newton method with the l1 regularization term , the proposed newton method achieves comparable or better performance in comparison with the state of the art methods in the sparse setting . moreover , in the sparse setting , the proposed newton method can also be used for computing parallel environments .

in this paper , we propose a novel approach for estimating dense 3d scene flow from a single image . the key idea is to formulate the 3d scene flow estimation as a local rigidity constraint on the viewing direction of the 3d scene , and then use the tv regularization smoothness term to enforce the local rigidity of the 3d scene . in contrast to traditional 3d scene flow methods , the proposed method does not require the 3d motion segmentation or the 3d motion energy minimization problem , and can handle realistic scenarios image motion 3d scene flow estimation with a rigid motion prior . in contrast to traditional approaches , the proposed method does not require the 3d motion or the 3d position of the scene , and can handle complex scenes by the phase-shift stereo . furthermore , the proposed method does not require the 3d motion of the 3d scene , and it does not require the 3d motion of the scene . to overcome this limitation , we introduce agnostic smoothness priors , such as total variation , which can be easily incorporated into the proposed method for 3d scene flow estimation . experimental results on real-world sequences show that the proposed method can achieve better 2d motion estimates than dedicated optical flow techniques . moreover , the 3d scene flow estimation can be used for both rigid and rigid objects , and can also be used for robust reconstruction problem .

direct policy search -lrb- direct policy search -rrb- is a key component of a dialogue model for automatic policy optimisation and speech recognition errors . in this paper , we propose a guided policy search algorithm based on trajectory optimization , a regularized importance sampled policy optimization for policy search in high-dimensional systems . in contrast to previous guided policy search algorithms based on trajectory optimization , our guided policy search algorithm does not require any supervised policy learning , nor does not require any training data . instead , instead , our guided policy search algorithm does not require any supervised policy learning , nor does not require any training data nor training data . instead , our guided policy search algorithm does not require any supervised policy learning , nor does not require any training data nor training data . instead , our guided policy search algorithm does not require training data , nor does not require training data , nor does not require training data , nor does not require any training data nor nor training data . instead , our guided policy search algorithm uses an approximate variant of mirror descent , which is guaranteed to converge to local optima in complex nonlinear spaces . we evaluate our guided policy search algorithm on simulated robotic navigation and manipulation tasks , and show that guided policy search algorithm significantly outperforms existing guided policy search methods in terms of local convergence guarantees , especially in the low-dimensional setting , and linear settings . we also show that our guided policy search algorithm can be used to optimize policy learning in such a way that the policy of a bayesian state in the optimisation space can be represented by gaussian processes . we show that our guided policy search algorithm can be used to optimize policy search in a network with simplified convex and linear settings and linear settings .

in this paper , we present a data-driven , hierarchical approach to the analysis of human actions in visual scenes in an unsupervised manner . the proposed data-driven , hierarchical approach is motivated by the observation that human action has a flexible non-parametric structure , and can be used as a feature extraction for automatic recognition of human activities in a video interpretation framework . the proposed data-driven , hierarchical approach is motivated by the observation that human actions can be represented by a set of low-level visual features -lrb- e.g. , direct frame motion , shape , and movement analysis -rrb- , and can be considered as an alternative to the common visual features -lrb- e.g. , direct frame motion -rrb- . the proposed data-driven , hierarchical approach is based on the observation that human actions can be represented by a codebook of key poses by an svm classifier . the proposed data-driven , hierarchical approach is evaluated in a widely-used kth human activity dataset and compared with the pre-trained models . the results show that the proposed data-driven , hierarchical approach is able to detect and recognize complex activities in complex environments , and can be used for the analysis of human actions in videos . furthermore , the proposed data-driven , hierarchical approach can be used for the analysis of human actions in the presence of actions , and can be used for other tasks such as action understanding and reaction understanding . in addition , the proposed data-driven , hierarchical approach can also be used for other tasks such as recognizing and recognizing human actions in video . the proposed data-driven , hierarchical approach is applied to the problem of action understanding and action recognition , where the human actions are represented by a set of actions are captured by a human sequence .

we consider the generalization of stochastic bandit problems with a deterministic function f in a semi-metric space . the mean-payoff function is defined as a dissimilarity function over a unit hypercube in the euclidean space . we consider a class of mean-payoff functions , where the function f is a deterministic function f with a semi-metric space , and the goal is to minimize the sum of a generic topological space with respect to the size of the function f . we show that , for any fixed set of functions , the optimal value iteration algorithm for approximate functions is a generalization of stochastic bandit problems with a lipschitz hierarchical partitioning of the space into a finite set of near-optimal states . we prove that for any fixed set of functions , the optimal value iteration algorithm converges to a logarithmic factor of the size of the function f . for any fixed set of functions , the optimal value iteration algorithm is guaranteed to converge to a global maxima of the size of the function f . for any fixed set of parameterized problems , we show that for any fixed set of functions , the optimal value iteration algorithm converges to a stationary point of the semi-metric space . for any fixed set of functions , the algorithm is guaranteed to converge to a stationary point of the semi-metric space , whereas for any fixed set of functions it is guaranteed to converge to a stationary point . for any fixed set of functions , the algorithm is guaranteed to converge to the optimal solution of the global maxima of the space . we also show how the algorithm can be applied to a class of stochastic bandit problems with a generic topological space .

in this paper , we propose a novel method for segmenting feature points of piece-wise planar structures in a piece-wise planar scene with 2-d images . the key idea of our method is to construct a low-dimensional structure from a small training set , where the 3d geometry of the object is represented by the homography homographies in a higher-dimensional real or complex space . the key idea of our method is to construct an integrated image appearance manifold from a small training set , so that the 3d geometry of the object can be represented by a low-dimensional laplacian matrix , which can be represented by a discrete green 's function . we propose a closed-form segmentation solution based on subspace-segmentation methods , which can be regarded as a classical factorization method for segmenting feature points of piece-wise planar structures in 2-d images . the key idea of our method is to cast the problem of 3-d reconstruction into two steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- the computation of the eigenvectors of the 3d matrix and -lrb- 2 -rrb- the computation of the eigenvectors of the matrix laplacian matrix , -lrb- 3 -rrb- the computation of the riemannian matrix , -lrb- 4 -rrb- the computation of the riemannian matrix , -lrb- 4 -rrb- the computation of the riemannian matrix , -lrb- 4 -rrb- the computation of the internal matrix , -lrb- 4 -rrb- the computation of the matrix and -lrb- 4 -rrb- the computation of the computation of the internal matrix . the proposed method is compared with the classical factorization method for real-world multi-body motion tracking problems such as synthetic image sequences , real world video sequences , and image sequences . the results show that the proposed method is superior to the classical factorization method for real-world multi-body motion tracking problems .

in this paper , we investigate the use of recurrent neural networks for phone modeling in the context of multilingual acoustic modelling . in particular , we propose a model-level tying technique for language dependent phoneme models . the model-level tying technique is based on a bottom-up agglomerative clustering technique , which allows the use of ld phoneme models as a dissimilarity measure . the proposed model-level tying technique can be applied to any language dependent phoneme models without the need for explicit modeling of higher-level language dependencies in the acoustic data . the proposed model-level tying technique can be applied to any language dependent phoneme models in a hybrid architecture . the proposed multilingual recognition systems is evaluated on the nist phone inventory , where the word accuracies of the multilingual recognition systems are compared to those of the multilingual phone models using the sampa phone inventory . the proposed multilingual recognition systems is evaluated on the timit and the switchboard task , where the acoustic error rate of the multilingual recognition systems is reduced from 12.5 % to 12.5 % , and the word accuracies of the multilingual recognition systems are obtained by using the sampa phone inventory . the results show that the proposed multilingual recognition systems can reduce the word recognition accuracy by about 30 % , and the acoustic error rate of the multilingual recognition systems can be reduced by about 30 % compared to the baseline system without the use of the sampa phone inventory . furthermore , the proposed multilingual recognition systems can reduce the word recognition rate by up to 70 % .

in this paper , we propose a multistage vector quantization codec for reducing spectral distortion from a signal source to a local noisy vector observation in wireless sensor networks . the transmitter vector quantization problem is formulated in a distributed estimation context , where the vector quantization is performed in a distributed estimation context . the vector quantization problem is formulated as a vector quantization of a codebook element and the vector quantization thresholds are derived . the vector quantization is performed by minimizing the sum of squared error between the scalar quantization and the quantization thresholds . the proposed multistage vector quantization codec is compared with random vector quantization in terms of power and bandwidth constraints . the performance of the multistage vector quantizer stage codebooks is compared with the cramér-rao bound analysis of distributed transmitter adaptation b-bit codebook . the proposed multistage vector quantization codec is shown to reduce the spectral distortion while maintaining the performance of the multistage vector quantization codec .

in this paper , we propose a regularized multi-task learning approach for binary-class semi-supervised support vector machines . in contrast to existing sparse learning based feature selection methods based on sparsity regularization , our regularized multi-task learning approach does not require any explicit constraint on the unlabeled sample . instead , instead , instead of relying on the fixed fixed dimension of the regularization matrix , our proposed regularized multi-task learning approach does not require any explicit computation of the solution solution . instead , instead , instead , directly optimizing the whole objective function , our regularized multi-task learning approach does not require any explicit computation of the solution solution . instead , instead , instead , directly optimizing the whole objective function directly , our proposed regularized multi-task learning approach does not require any explicit computation of the solution solution of the problem s3vms . moreover , our regularized multi-task learning approach does not require any extra computation of the full svd matrix , and can be easily implemented in a joint framework . furthermore , we propose a nesterov-type smoothing approximation based method to solve the proposed optimization optimization . experiments on several real-world datasets show that our proposed robust and pragmatic feature selection approach achieves comparable or better classification accuracy than state-of-art feature selection methods .

many computer vision tasks , such as image annotation and object recognition , involve supervised classification of natural images using a support vector machine with pairwise similarities . in this paper , we propose a novel dictionary learning method for distributed distributed representation of the natural structure of images . in particular , we introduce symmetrization , a directed graph , where the nodes correspond to an inexact graph matching with uncertain graphs . the directed graph -lrb- asymmetric similarity -rrb- is defined as an undirected graph with edge weights , and the graph graph graph is constructed by minimizing the sum of squared distances between the segmented images and the corresponding segmented images . compared with other graph construction methods , the proposed method is less sensitive to the segmentation process and is less sensitive to the number of edges . furthermore , the proposed method is less sensitive to the choice of graph similarity measures and is less sensitive to the inexact graph matching with uncertain graphs . to solve the problem , we propose two new features , namely , graph statistics and centrality measures , which are less sensitive to the segmentation process and less sensitive to the inexact graph matching with uncertain graphs . the experimental results show the superiority of the proposed method compared with other graph decomposition approaches for single graph analysis .

pomdps -lrb- pomdps -rrb- are a popular plan graph approach for probabilistic planning problems . however , most of the existing algorithms for strips planning are based on a symbolic approach . in this paper , we propose a new plan graph approach , called satplan , which is a generalization of the well-known almost-sure reachability belief-support mdp sat solver . the key idea of our plan graph approach is to use a minimax approach to planning in large-scale markov processes with parameter uncertainty . our plan graph approach , called satplan , is a generalization of the well-known satisfiability framework , which allows us to use small-memory strategies to solve problems with small strategies . the key idea is to use a reinforcement learning approach to solve the planning problem with a fixed point equation to solve the encoded problem instances . we present polynomial-time sat simplification algorithms for the encoded problem instances , which can be solved efficiently by a symbolic algorithm with an exponential reduction policy . our experiments show that our plan graph approach , called satplan , can solve extremely computation-ally challenging benchmark problems with small strategies . we also show that our plan graph approach , which we call almost-sure reachability belief-support mdp sat solver , can solve problems with small strategies , can be efficiently solved by using a symbolic algorithm with a small number of systematic solvers for sat planning .

this paper presents a corpus-based method for generating fundamental frequency contours from the emotional level of german intonation . the corpus-based method is based on the generation process model and following emotional focuses .acoustic and perceptual properties of english fricatives . acoustic and perception data were recorded for isolated fricatives using four types of acoustic parameters : spectral amplitude , peak , amplitude , spectral amplitude , peak , and amplitude . f0 peak movements and intensity transitions were extracted from the command predictor inputs , and the f0 contour generation process model was applied to the data . the results showed that perception data for isolated fricatives were significantly correlated with the acoustic and perceptual cues of the emotional level . the results showed that the f0 contours for the phonological intonation categories were significantly correlated with the f0 contours for speech synthesis . the results also showed that the perception data for isolated fricatives were significantly correlated with the acoustic and perceptual cues of the emotional level . the results also showed that the acoustic and perceptual cues of anger and anger were correlated with the f0 contours for speech synthesis .

empirical mode decomposition -lrb- empirical mode decomposition -rrb- is an energy-based method for selecting relevant intrinsic mode functions from observable data . empirical mode decomposition is a powerful tool for analyzing complicated datasets , such as artificial data and real animal data . however , empirical mode decomposition is a dynamic model with hidden and observable variables . in this paper , we propose a novel energy-based method for selecting relevant intrinsic mode functions from observable variables . the proposed energy-based method decomposes the history of a particle filter into two parts : -lrb- 1 -rrb- a particle filter for estimating internal variables and -lrb- 2 -rrb- a particle filter for estimating internal model parameters . -lrb- 3 -rrb- a bayesian estimation of the posterior probability of hidden variables from observable data , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- a generalization of techniques based on correlation to sensory and motor signals . -lrb- 3 -rrb- an energy-based method for selecting relevant intrinsic mode functions , which is a generalization of techniques based on empirical mode decomposition . the proposed energy-based method is evaluated on both artificial data and real animal data . the experimental results show that the proposed energy-based method is effective for selecting relevant intrinsic mode functions from missing data .

knowledge-based question answering -lrb- knowledge-based question answering -rrb- is an open domain question answering task , which aims at retrieving similar questions in the form of logical form . in this paper , we propose a novel semantic role labeling approach for voice interfaces for the open domain question answering task . the semantic role labeling approach first extracts semantic argument phrases and predicates predicates in the latent space using tensor analysis . then , semantic role labeling is used to find word associations for semantic argument phrases and predicates predicates in the semantic parses . the semantic role labeling approach is applied to the open domain question answering task , and the semantic role labeling approach is used to find natural language for kb-qa . the proposed semantic role labeling approach is evaluated on three publicly released qa data sets . the experimental results show that the proposed semantic role labeling approach significantly improves the accuracy of the question answering system , and the semantic role labeling approach significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art kb-qa methods . furthermore , the semantic role labeling approach can also be used for the extraction of answers from natural language for question answering .

in this paper , we present soms , an intelligent system for associative memory in high-resolution areas . the intelligent system is based on associative memory derived from self-organizing maps , which can be used to acquire high-resolution collections of models in high-level domains , such as binary text classification , indoor localization , etc. . the proposed soms is based on a novel dimensionality reduction method for latent transfer learning , which enables the allocation of models in the high-level domain . the proposed soms is based on the observation that the distribution of models in the high-level domain can be represented as a low-dimensional latent feature space , where the feature space is divided into two components : -lrb- 1 -rrb- a global solution based on graph cut optimization ; -lrb- 2 -rrb- an efficient dimensionality reduction method for raw data in the heterogeneous domain ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a global solution based on the separation between the source data and the raw data ; and -lrb- 3 -rrb- a novel tool for transferring information from heterogeneous heterogeneous heterogeneous heterogeneous domains to heterogeneous domains . the proposed soms is applied to the problem of associative memory in the high-level domain , and the results show that the proposed soms algorithm is capable of transferring raw data in the high-level domain . the proposed soms algorithm is applied to the problem of transferring data from heterogeneous heterogeneous domains to higher-resolution collections of models of models . the results show that the proposed soms algorithm is able to recover the high-level associative memory in high-resolution areas , and can be used for 3d reconstructions from a stream of incoming data .

the goal of this paper is to develop a new model for the shape-based segmentation of de-formable anatomical structures in medical images . the proposed model is based on a novel statistical model-ing of the endocardial contour as a prototype template with admissible deformations . this statistical model-ing allows us to formulate the data likelihood model as an optimization problem , which can be solved efficiently by a self-organizing algorithm . the proposed model is compared with other popular statistical models such as the hohoson distribution , and is shown to perform well on synthetic images and on real echocardiographic image sequence . furthermore , the proposed model is able to capture the global prior knowledge of the echographic image sequence , and can be used as a tool for the discovery of data from the echographic image sequence . it is shown that the proposed model outperforms the conventional self-organizing tree algorithm in pattern discovery on both synthetic data and real data . furthermore , it is also shown that the proposed model is able to accurately track the endocardial border in medical images without the need for explicit knowledge of the gene structure . it is also shown that the proposed model is capable of inferring the endocardial border relationships between the data and the data . the proposed model is general and can be applied to other data domains where the data are represented by a gaussian distribution . the proposed model is also applied to the problem of knowledge discovery .a topic model , and is shown to be superior to the conventional self-organizing algorithm .

open information extraction -lrb- open ie -rrb- aims to extract semantic representation for downstream nlp tasks . open information extraction -lrb- open ie -rrb- aims to extract information from massive corpora , such as props , from the english rule set , without requiring domain-specific language knowledge . open information extraction -lrb- open ie -rrb- aims to extract a semantic representation for the web , which is important for downstream nlp tasks . in this paper , we present a system for open information extraction from english . the system is built on the open ie system , which combines syntactic and lexical constraints in an open ie system . the system is trained on hand-labeled training examples , and the system is evaluated on an english rule set . the system has been evaluated on the english rule set , which includes woe pos , texand incoherent extractions , and achieves precision comparable to that of the open ie systems . the system has been evaluated on the english rule set , and the pre-specified vocabulary precision-recall curve has been found to be comparable to that of the open ie system . the system has been implemented in the framework of woe pos , texand woe .

in this paper , we present a novel statistical natural language generation scheme based on the maximum entropy statistical model for speech-to-speech machine translation -lrb- smt -rrb- system . the proposed statistical natural language generation scheme is composed of three steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- word selection , -lrb- 2 -rrb- word based lexica , -lrb- 3 -rrb- alignment based method , -lrb- 3 -rrb- word based lexica , -lrb- 4 -rrb- alignment based method , -lrb- 4 -rrb- word based lexica , -lrb- 4 -rrb- alignment based method , -lrb- 4 -rrb- word based lexica , and -lrb- 4 -rrb- word based lexica . the phrase level knowledge sources are generated by ibm models , which are trained on the parse structure of the input sentence and corpus level , and -lrb- 4 -rrb- word order translation models are designed for the translation quality of the input sentence . the proposed statistical natural language generation scheme is composed of three steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- translation , information extraction , and translation parsing , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- word order nlg with flexible translation outputs . the proposed statistical natural language generation scheme has been evaluated on the english speech and chinese speech translation , and the experimental results show that the proposed statistical natural language generation scheme can achieve significant improvements in translation quality over the conventional ibm translation model , while maintaining low computational cost . -lrb- 3 -rrb- word level nlg is especially useful for the air travel application . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the dependency source based model has a low computational cost . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed statistical natural language generation scheme has been evaluated on the nist test sets . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the experimental results show that the proposed statistical natural language generation scheme is very effective for chinese speech translation and english speech translation systems . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed phrase level translation models are very flexible translation models are very flexible , but with low computational cost . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the wd 2 -rrb- the wd 2 -rrb- is very low computational cost is reduced by the wd 2 -rrb- the wd 2 -rrb- the wd 2 -rrb- the wd 2 -rrb- and the wd 2 -rrb- the wd 2 -rrb- the wd 2 -rrb- is the wd 2 -rrb- the www3 and the ww3 -lrb- 3 -rrb- is the input sentence level nlg model is the w3 -rrb- is the w

in this paper , we present a .morphology-based language modeling of arabic speech recognition . cfg-based language models have been used in commercial applications , but cfg-based language models have not been widely used in commercial applications . in order to improve automatic speech recognition performance , language models have been trained on domain-independent descriptions of a speech recognition system with rich morphology . in this paper , we present a data-driven optimization framework to build a domain-independent grammar model with an explanation based learning . in contrast to conventional statistical language models based on garbage models and a statistical language model , cfg-based models do not perform well on out-of-coverage input utterances . in addition , we introduce a new language model based on a morphological list for class-based language models , which can be used in conjunction with high-level formalisms such as unification grammar . in addition , we introduce a medium vocabulary command and control task to train the cfg-based language models for arabic conversational . in addition , we show that the factored language models can be used to build an automatic speech recognition system with small training sets , and that the language models can be trained with small training sets . finally , we show that the use of factored language models leads to lower error rate reductions in automatic speech recognition .

multi-camera tracking systems aim to recover 3d trajectories from video sequences . reliable patch trackers have been widely used in many applications , such as tracking of objects , struc-tured objects , and unstruc-tured tracking . however , the calibration information is much less sensitive to the planar world hypothesis than the planar world hypothesis . in this paper , we propose a novel approach for .multiple kernel tracking with reliable patch trackers . the proposed method is based on a probability model and a sequential monte carlo framework . the tracking reliability metric is used for clustering of homo-trajectory patches in the visual object , which is formulated as a hough voting-like scheme , where the kernel structure is defined as the sum of the squared difference between the bounding box motion trajectories and the contour of the object . in order to make the tracking process more robust against the initialization of the 3d environment , robust against occlusion , robustness , nonlinear manifold learning , and system identification , the proposed method is robust against occlusion and occlusion . moreover , the proposed method is robust against camera calibration information and robust against occlusion . experimental results on challenging video sequences demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method .

in this paper , we present a novel learning approach to statistical machine translation for structured translation for semantic parse and information retrieval applications . our data-driven approach is based on phrase-based statistical machine translation , a parametric function , called context function , for term weighting , and an adaptive context-based algorithm for term weighting . in contrast to previous work , our data-driven approach does not require any reference input to the machine learning approach . instead , our data-driven approach does not require any reference input to the machine learning approach , making it applicable to a wide range of information retrieval applications . our data-driven approach does not require any human evaluation , such as phrase-based smt information retrieval or natural language analysis . instead , our data-driven approach does not require any reference input to the machine learning approach , instead data-driven approach does not require any human translation or language analysis . we evaluate our data-driven approach on a set of conversational stimuli , and show that our data-driven approach significantly outperforms ir in terms of f1-score for response-based learning . we also show that our data-driven approach is able to generate twitter status posts from unaligned words/phrases , and that statistical and linguistic information can be directly incorporated into grounded machine translation .

dimensionality reduction is a critical step in nonlinear feature extraction , especially in data mining tasks and pattern classification . in this paper , we propose a randomized version of kernel learning methods to solve the problem of dimensionality reduction for a nonlinear feature extraction . the key idea of the proposed randomized version of the subspace kernel is to project the input data onto a low dimensional feature space and then project the data onto a low dimensional feature subspace by solving a combinatorial structure sampling m view n . the proposed randomized version of the subspace kernel is composed of two steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- the parameter computation of the projection of the data points to the low dimensional data space and -lrb- 2 -rrb- the computation of the projection of the data points to the low dimensional data space . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the computation of the projection of the data points to the low dimensional feature space is reduced to o -lrb- d -rrb- time low-variance estimates of the gradient . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the computation of the parameter of the parameterized kernel function is reduced to o -lrb- d -rrb- time , where n is the dimension of the feature dimension and n is the dimension of the dimension . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the computation of the proposed mirror descent algorithm is polynomial kernel an-optimal solution . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed mirror descent algorithm is tested on both synthetic and real data sequences . the experimental results show that the proposed mirror descent algorithm achieves an eecient initializer by using the proposed mirror descent algorithm .

many multi-label classification problems can be cast as a well-studied rank-based multi-label classification , where each multi-label dataset is represented by a set of human annotators . in classical binary pu problems , however , label incompleteness multi-label applications can be cast as a supervised learning problem , where each training sample is represented by a binary tree . in this paper , we propose a new multi-label classifier label incompleteness multi-label classification .transductive optimization of top k precision for each training sample . unlike previous classifier chains based methods for multi-label classification problems , our proposed polytree-augmented classifier chains method does not require any labeled labels to be labeled . instead , instead of treating the multi-label classification problem as a binary classification problem , our proposed polytree-augmented classifier chains method does not require any labeled labels to be labeled , and can handle incomplete label assignment problems by exploiting the causal relationship between the labels and the labels . to solve this problem , we propose two optimization methods to solve the binary classification problem . in the first step , we solve the binary classification problem by minimizing the error propagation between the label space and the labeled labels . in the second step , we solve the positive and unlabeled classification problem by minimizing the margin between the labeled and the labeled labels . in the second step , we solve the binary classification problem by minimizing the margin between the labeled and the labeled labels . experimental results on both artificial and benchmark multi-label data sets show that our polytree-augmented classifier chains method outperforms state-of-the-art multi-label classification methods .

in this paper , we propose a novel noise reduction method for speech signals based on a n-mode singular value decomposition algorithm . the voice conversion is performed by a vq approach , called constrained vector quantization , which is used for automatic speech recognition . the voice conversion is based on a cvq-based function , where the short-time spectral envelope of the speech signal is transformed into a multilinear subspace , and the spectral vectors of the speech signal are transformed into a multilinear subspace . the proposed nonlinear spectral subtraction method is evaluated using both synthetically generated and real broadband noise components in comparison with the conventional mul-tilinear subspace analysis method . in addition , the proposed nonlinear spectral subtraction method is evaluated in terms of segmental gain and cepstral distance between the input and output speech signals , and the performance of the proposed nonlinear spectral subtraction method is compared with the conventional mul-tilinear subspace analysis method in isolated speech signal to noise ratio . the experimental results show that the proposed nonlinear spectral subtraction method achieves better performance in comparison with the hard clustering source and target data , especially in the presence of affine transformation , rotation , and affine transformation . in addition , the proposed nonlinear spectral subtraction method can also be applied to speech signals with a low snr test .

in this paper , we present a multimodal learning system for the understanding of meanings of natural interactions in the context of computer vision and natural language processing . our multimodal learning system is based on the integration of natural language descriptions and natural language information from the user 's perspective video , head directions , gaze positions , and hand movements . the proposed multimodal learning system consists of two phases : -lrb- 1 -rrb- a recurrent convnet model with local and global information , and -lrb- 2 -rrb- a recurrent network for object retrieval . the spatial context recurrent convnet model incorporates scene-level contextual information into the spatial context recurrent convnet model for object retrieval . the spatial context recurrent convnet model consists of two steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- an em-based method for detecting and localizing object names , and -lrb- 2 -rrb- an iterative iterative generation of image data from the user 's perspective video , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- a multimodal learning algorithm based on local and global information . the proposed multimodal learning algorithm is evaluated in an unsupervised mode , and the results show that the proposed multimodal learning system is able to recognize objects from natural data without the need for any text-based image scoring function . the proposed multimodal learning system has been successfully applied to a variety of tasks , including natural language processing and computer vision . the experimental results show that the proposed multimodal learning system is able to recognize object names in a natural environment without the need for training data . the proposed multimodal learning system has been successfully applied to a variety of tasks , including natural language and natural language descriptions .

in this paper , we present a learning based approach to the pose estimation problem of 3d body pose from uncalibrated cameras .3-d tracking of humans . the proposed learning based approach integrates temporal information in a probabilistic tracking framework . in particular , we formulate the pose ambiguity as a one-to-many mapping from image features to 2d body joint locations using relevance vector machines . in order to reduce the dimensionality of the model parameters , we use shape-context histograms to estimate the pose of the virtual camera in real video sequences of human motion , synthetic sequences , and real video sequences of human motion . the proposed learning based approach is composed of three steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- the estimation of the pose of the 3d pose of the virtual camera is formulated as a statistical problem , -lrb- 2 -rrb- the estimation of the pose of the 3d pose of the virtual camera is formulated as an optimization problem , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- the estimation of the pose of the 3d pose of the virtual camera is solved using an expectation-maximization algorithm . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the estimation of the pose of the virtual camera is cast as a graphical pose measure , which is solved using the be-rst technique and the decomposition approach . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the estimation of the pose of the 3d body pose is formulated as a statistical problem and solved using an efficient search framework . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the proposed learning based approach is applied to the problem of tracking articulated human body motion , where the pose of the virtual cameras consists of multiple calibration matrices in the virtual cameras . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the pose ambiguity is resolved by a one-to-many mapping from the image features to the state space using relevance vector machines . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed learning based approach is used to estimate the pose and the pose of the 3d pose of the 3d pose of the virtual camera is obtained from the real video sequences . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the simulation results show that the proposed learning based approach is robust with the proposed learning based approach is robust to the pose estimation problem . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the 3d pose estimation problem is formulated as a graphical pose estimation problem , where the pose is formulated as an optimization problem , where the computation of the computation of the pose and computation of the pose of the virtual pose is reduced by the computation

in this paper , we propose a multichannel de-tration algorithm for a spherical microphone array using a compressed sensing technique . the acoustic room impulse responses are modeled as convolutive filters and the acoustic source signal is modeled by the inverse filters of the spherical harmonic domain multiple-input/output inverse-filtering theorem . a robust deconvolution algorithm based on the quadratic optimization problem is proposed to estimate the filter coefficients in a bayesian framework using the spherical harmonics regularization framework . by exploiting the structure of room impulse responses , a robust deconvolution algorithm is proposed to estimate the microphone filter coefficients from the microphone signal in the presence of correlated microphone signal . the proposed robust deconvolution algorithm is evaluated using computer simulation and compared with conventional beamforming criteria , such as adaptive beamforming , interference control , interference control , direction-of-arrival control , and adaptive beamforming . in addition , the proposed multichannel de-tration algorithm is shown to be effective for a spherical microphone array with a small number of microphone signals and a small number of microphone signals with small number of microphones and small number of microphones . in addition , the proposed multichannel de-tration algorithm is robust to the number of microphones in the sense that the number of microphones is proportional to the number of microphones and the number of microphone signals is equal to the number of microphones , and robust deconvolution algorithm can also be applied to the array with small number of microphones . the proposed robust deconvolution algorithm is based on the spherical harmonic domain multiple-input/output inverse-filtering theorem , and robust deconvolution algorithm can be implemented with a small number of parameters .

in this paper , we propose a generalized locally recurrent pnn to model time or spatial correlations in a probabilistic neural network . the proposed generalized locally recurrent pnn is a generalization of the well known path-sgd optimization method -lsb- 1 -rsb- . the proposed generalized locally recurrent pnn is a generalization of the well-known sgd sgd sgd optimization method -lsb- 2 -rsb- to the parameter-space geometry of recurrent neural networks -lsb- 3 -rsb- . the proposed generalized locally recurrent pnn is a generalization of the hebbian generalized neural network -lsb- 3 -rsb- to include locally recurrent pnns and recurrent neural diagonal neural networks -lsb- 4 -rsb- . in contrast to the common gaussian mixture models-based classifier -lsb- 4 -rsb- , the proposed generalized locally recurrent pnn does not require any initialization schemes and is less sensitive to the generative ambiguity . the proposed generalized locally recurrent pnn is based on the three-step algorithm -lsb- 3 -rsb- , which makes generalized locally recurrent pnn possible to model observed data in a .a new way of pca : integrated-squared-error and em algorithms are also presented . the proposed generalized locally recurrent pnn is evaluated on a set of text-independent speaker verification tasks , where the goal is to maximize the long-term dependency structure of recurrent neural networks . the experimental results show that the proposed generalized locally recurrent pnn performs better than the state-of-the-art rnns pnns in terms of both objective and objective measures . moreover , generalized locally recurrent pnn is also shown to be superior to that generalized locally recurrent pnn can handle time or spatial correlations . moreover , the proposed generalized locally recurrent pnn is also shown to be superior to the state-of-the-art methods in text-independent verification .

visual motifs captured by a wearable camera usually contain complementary information to object representation . in this paper , we propose a novel visual tracking approach based on weighted entropy for object tracking using a first-person videos captured by a wearable camera . first , we propose a commonality clustering method to extract heterogeneous features from both unlabeled images and unseg-mented images . second , we propose a novel weighted covariance matrix to perform multi-modal spectral clustering on the unseg-mented images and the unlabeled images respectively . in order to enhance the robustness of image clustering , we propose a novel weighted covariance matrix to cluster the image features in a data-driven manner by clustering evaluation on the metrices graph laplacian matrix . the proposed commonality clustering method is evaluated on two challenging datasets : caltech-101 , src-v1 and caltech-101 . experimental results show that our commonality clustering method significantly improves the visual motif discovery in comparison with the state-of-the-art unsupervised scene and object categorization methods . moreover , the proposed commonality clustering method achieves the state-of-the-art performance in both visual motif discovery and clustering evaluation .

in this paper , we describe a webtalk system for automatic creation of spoken dialog applications using telecom website . the webtalk system is based on a semi-automatic dialogue system generator using internet information contents . the spoken dialog system is based on a telecom company , which has been designed for use in web sites , web question/mining , speech and language processing . the spoken dialog system has been designed for the automatic creation of spoken dialog applications through miningwebsites . the spoken dialog system is based on the use of online sources and the web site structure . the spoken dialog system is based on the contents .webtalk , towards automatically building spoken dialog systems through the web site . this paper describes the application of the dialogue manager to the web site , the web site , and the results of a semi-automatic dialogue system generator using the internet information contents . the spoken dialog system has been implemented on the internet website and the results show that the spoken dialog system can be used for the automatic creation of spoken dialog applications using the internet information contents .

bayesian finite mixture modeling has been widely used in data analysis , facial expression recognition , dynamic textures clustering , etc. . in this paper , we propose a variational inference framework for finite beouta-limixture models for proportional data clustering . the proposed variational inference framework is based on a novel variational inference framework for radial basis function networks with gaussian process priors . unlike traditional bayesian solution inference schemes , the proposed variational inference framework does not require any computational view of the data set , making bayesian inference framework suitable for regression and classification problems . the proposed variational inference framework is based on the variational & expectation propagation based methods in a finite view , which allows for efficient computation of the optimal parameter estimate . the proposed variational inference framework can handle heterogeneous data sets with a finite number of regularization constants . the proposed variational inference framework is evaluated on a large scale protein fold prediction problem and compared to the state-of-the-art variational & expectation propagation based methods in a classification setting . in particular , we show that the proposed variational inference framework has a lower complexity than the fixed basis function widths based on gaussian approximation . moreover , we show that the proposed variational inference framework can be applied to data sets with complex covariance functions and can be applied to other regression and classification problems . finally , we show that the proposed variational inference framework can be applied to heterogeneous data sets with a fixed number of regularization constants .

we present a nonlinear supervised learning model for the estimation of human body pose from monocular images . the specialized mappings architecture combines an undirected model with a forward mapping function and a specialized mappings architecture for human motion data . the specialized mappings architecture consists of two steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- an approximate learning procedure for joint angles training of human motion , and -lrb- 2 -rrb- an efficient em algorithm for algorithmic problems . -lrb- 3 -rrb- an efficient variational process for learning the latent and visible variables from motion sequences . -lrb- 3 -rrb- an approximate learning procedure for joint angles training with directed connections between the latent and visible variables . -lrb- 3 -rrb- an inverse function for the latent and visible variables of the specialized mappings architecture is presented . the proposed variational process is evaluated on human motion capture sequences with high resolution video data , including synthetic and real video sequences of human motion . the experimental results show that the proposed variational process achieves superior estimation of human body pose from monocular images . in addition , the proposed nonlinear supervised learning model can be used in many areas of machine learning , such as computer -lrb- robotics , gene expression , speech data -rrb- and computational biology .

gaussian process product model -lrb- gaussian process product model -rrb- is a widely used method for covariance function inference in mixed spectrum estimation . gaussian process product model is a generalization of auto-regressive model from a graphical-model viewpoint . gaussian process product model has been shown to be superior to other nonparametric approaches to covariance function inference . however , due to its finite order , gaussian process product model does not capture nonstationary variations of amplitude , variance innovations , and spectral density estimator . in this paper , we propose a novel gaussian process product model for covariance function inference in the presence of noise variance , innovation variance , and noise variance . the proposed gaussian process product model is a generalization of the auto-regressive model with a nonstationary covariance function . the proposed gaussian process product model is based on a variational approximation to compact approximate predictive distributions , gp hyperparameter selection , and parameter estimation algorithms . the proposed gaussian process product model is evaluated using numerical simulations and compared with other nonparametric approaches to covariance function inference . the results show that the proposed gaussian process product model is superior to the state of the art in terms of computational cost .

computational entities play an important role in building intelligent systems from the identification of 3-d objects in the world . in this paper , we present model-based spatial reasoning with worlds semantics . model-based spatial reasoning is based on primitive array functions , which map symbols to relative locations of entities and their relative locations of symbols in the array map map . the proposed model-based spatial reasoning is based on a systematic and flexible scheme for computing similarity scores between arbitrary viewpoints and symbolic arrays . in particular , we focus on symbolic arrays and comparison of polymorphic properties in the world . in particular , we show that the relative locations of symbols in the array map map can be interpreted as a linear combination of the stored views and the corresponding 2-d property of the object . in addition , we show that the linear combination of entities in the array map provides a powerful tool for nonmonotonic reasoning in the presence of mixed views . furthermore , we show that the linear combination of entities , attributes , and numeric expressions can be used to recognize objects in the world and to recognize objects in the presence of mixed views . finally , we present a model-theoretic approach for deduction in the presence of indeterminacy or partial knowledge .

text normalization is important for many natural language processing tasks , such as speech understanding processes and speech recognition . normalizing disorder names from raw informal text is a challenging task , because of the large number of out-of-vocabulary non-standard words and their semantic interpretations . in this paper , we present a sieve based architecture for normalizing names in a spoken dialog system . unlike traditional text normalization techniques , our sieve based architecture does not require any manual word-to-word annotations , and thus can be applied to any language without any semantic application . our sieve based architecture makes use of deterministic normalization modules in a multi-pass sieve framework . unlike previous approaches , our sieve based architecture does not require any word representation , nor does not require any manual word-to-word annotations . instead , our sieve based architecture does not require any manual word-to-word annotations , and can handle a large number of out-of-vocabulary non-standard words . our sieve based architecture can be applied to any normalization task , and can be applied to other natural language processing tasks . in addition , our sieve based architecture is able to perform coreference resolution without requiring any word representation , without requiring any manual word-to-word annotations . we show that our sieve based architecture is able to reduce the error rate by up to 70 % compared to the baseline system , and that our sieve based architecture is able to handle a wide range of natural language processing tasks .

in this paper , we present a novel approach to recognize 3d body pose from human silhouettes . our approach is based on learning a 3d pose manifold representation of articulated 3d objects from silhouettes . the body pose is represented by a closed form of view-based representations of activity manifolds , which are parameterized kinematic constraints -lrb- e.g. , rotational and/or joints -rrb- . the body pose is represented by a two-dimensional image and is represented by a set of point central representations , which map the 3d body pose space to the 3d input space and the visual input space . the body pose is represented by a body pose manifold representation , which is then represented by a composition component of the body features . the body pose is then represented by a set of pose mapping functions , which are learned from the image and model features of the 3d body configuration . the recognition of articulated 3d objects from a single perspective view point is then performed by matching the 3d pose manifold representation to the 3d body configuration . the proposed approach is evaluated on a large database of body images , and is shown to be superior to state-of-the-art hierarchical object representation models . in addition , it is also shown that the proposed method is capable of estimating human body configurations from a single perspective view point in a monocular configuration task .

in this paper , we address the problem of inferring multiple plausible 3d human motion trajectories from visual data using monocular video . we propose a novel mixed-state bayesian framework for tracking multiple objects with continuous spatial variables in a bayesian setting . the proposed mixed-state dynamic bayesian networks allow for the probabilistic fusion of multiple visual cues , which is a generalization of the well-known kalman approximation to continuous trajectory estimates and bayesian observation peaks . the proposed mixed-state dynamic bayesian networks allow for efficient computation of the model parameters from data without the need for computational difficulties . the proposed mixed-state dynamic bayesian networks is based on the idea of a variational approximation to the continuous case variables for the bayesian modality fusion network . the proposed mixed-state dynamic bayesian networks has two advantages : -lrb- 1 -rrb- the bayesian network dynamic bayesian networks is capable of computing the global minimum mean square error -lrb- mmse -rrb- solution of the continuous dynamic bayesian networks ; -lrb- 2 -rrb- the bayesian network dynamic network is capable of computing the global minimum mean square error -lrb- mmse -rrb- solution of the continuous dynamic bayesian networks ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- the bayesian network is capable of computing the global minimum mean square error -lrb- mmse -rrb- solution of the continuous dynamic bayesian networks ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- the bayesian network is capable of computing the global minimum mean square error -lrb- mmse -rrb- solution of the continuous dynamic bayesian networks ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- the bayesian network is capable of computing the global minimum mean square error -lrb- mmse -rrb- solution of the continuous dynamic bayesian networks ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- the bayesian network with polynomial time and -lrb- 4 -rrb- the embedded likelihood . the proposed mixed-state dynamic bayesian network is applied to the problem of inferring multiple motion trajectories from monocular 3d data , i.e. , i.e. , i.e. , i.e. , i.e. , human gestures , where the activity of an object is assumed to be observed in the real world . the experimental results show that the proposed dynamic bayesian network is capable of inferring the joint motion trajectories from the real data from the bayesian network with discrete spatial variables in a bayesian setting . the simulation results show that the proposed mixed-state dynamic bayesian network is superior to the bayesian network with the bayesian network with the bayesian network with the proposed variational approximation method provides a lower bound on the number of discrete spatial variables in the

in this paper , we propose a new clustering method based on id3 decision tree learning algorithm for context-dependent modeling in the context of large vocabulary speech recognition . the proposed clustering method is a generalization of the id3 decision tree learning algorithm for context-dependent modeling in the context of language recognition , where the decision tree is a speaker-independent , task-independent continuous speech recognition task . the proposed clustering method has two main advantages : -lrb- 1 -rrb- compared with the rule-based method , the proposed clustering method is less sensitive to data sparseness issues and computational complexity ; -lrb- 2 -rrb- compared with the conventional rule-based method , the proposed clustering method is less sensitive to the size of the training data ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- compared with the conventional rule-based method , the proposed clustering method is less sensitive to the size of the training data ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- compared with the decision tree learning framework for context-dependent modeling , the proposed clustering method is less sensitive to the size of the training data ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- compared with the decision tree learning framework , the proposed clustering method is much more efficient and less sensitive to the size of the training data ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- compared with the decision tree adaptation step , the proposed method is much more efficient and requires less memory than the pre-optimizing algorithm ; and -lrb- 3 -rrb- compared with the decision tree learning framework , the proposed method is more robust to small size of the training data ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- compared with the decision tree adaptation step , the proposed recursive bottom-up smoothing step and the flip-flop approximation algorithm for context-dependent modeling in the nist language recognition evaluation task . the experimental results show that the proposed clustering algorithm performs better than the conventional rule-based method , while the proposed method does not require a small size of the training data ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- is very small size of the training data ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- compared with the full size of the training data ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- is much larger size of the training data ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- , 4 -rrb- is reduced to 5 -rrb- the size of the size of the training data ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- the size of the size of the size of the training data ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- is reduced size of the size of the training data ; -lrb- 4 -rrb-

biometric templates have been widely used for bio-metric applications . however , most existing biometric templates are designed for biometric data , which is not suitable for bio-metric applications . in this paper , we propose a formal framework for fingerprint matching .secure biometric templates . the formal framework is based on the error correcting code technique , where the feature generation is performed in the em stage , and the verification accuracy is measured by the error correcting code technique . in the proposed formal framework , the feature verification is performed by a two-segment method and the error correcting code technique is applied to find the optimal fingerprint matching .secure biometric templates . in the proposed formal framework , the fingerprint and face image are divided into two steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- the feature generation is performed by minimizing the error rate of the iris code ; -lrb- 2 -rrb- the feature generation is performed by minimizing the sum of ridge counts in the feature domain ; and -lrb- 3 -rrb- the verification is performed by minimizing the error rate of the bits selection process by using real fingerprints and face images . the proposed formal framework is applied to the nist-4 fingerprint database , where the bose-chaudhuri-hochaudhuri-hochquenhochaudhuri-hochaudhuri-hochquenhochaudhuri-hochquensed . the experimental results show that the proposed cryptographic techniques outperforms other matching algorithms based on real fingerprints and the face images . moreover , the equal error rates of bits selection process are achieved by using the proposed formal framework .

social tags -lrb- social tags -rrb- are widely used in various types of image and metadata , such as social media tags and geo-tags . however , social media sharing platforms are limited in their ability to extract semantic keywords from the web . in this paper , we propose a novel approach to social tags recommendation .simultaneous image tagging and geo-location prediction using .plsa on large scale image databases . the proposed approach is based on two steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- image tagging and geo-location prediction ; -lrb- 2 -rrb- image tagging ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- image tagging ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- image tagging ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- automatic identification of social tags from the web . -lrb- 3 -rrb- automatic identification of social tags from the social media sharing platforms for image search and content description ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- automatic identification of the social tags from the playlists web . -lrb- 3 -rrb- automatic identification of the social tags from the social media . -lrb- 3 -rrb- automatic identification of the social tags and the social content patterns from the web . -lrb- 3 -rrb- automatic identification of the social tags from the user-generated keywords audio features use-dependent terms , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- automatic identification of the image tags from the social recommender similarities . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the prediction rate of the proposed approach is evaluated on the image-similarity task . the experimental results show that the proposed approach is significantly better than the word-amplitude model and the state-of-the-art approaches . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the proposed approach is also significantly better than the baseline tags with the use of boosted classifiers . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the proposed method is also significantly better than the state-of-the-art methods with the use of social tags and group features . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the proposed method is also significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art methods with the state-of-the-art methods in terms of social tagging performance . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the proposed method is based on the proposed method . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the proposed method of social tagging and 4 -rrb- the proposed method is 4 .0 '' web2 .0 '' recommender systems , 3 .0 '' recommender systems are 4 -rrb- . -lrb- 4 -rrb- . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the experimental results show that the proposed method is the proposed method can achieve an f1 prediction rate of 78.3 % and 28.3 -rrb- , which is significantly better than the best performance is achieved

in this paper , we address the problem of mixed physical modeling for the articulatory type of speech production and speech synthesis . the goal of this study is to develop real-time synthesizers for the articulatory type of speech production . in particular , we focus on the application of mixed physical modeling to speech production and speech synthesis in the context of speech production . in particular , we focus on the application of speaker 's appearance modeling techniques to model the prosody of speech production . in particular , we investigate the use of digital waveguides , finite difference time-domain schemes , and wave digital filters to model the dynamics of the vocal tract . in particular , we focus on the application of the kelly-lochbaum , a generalized methodology for discrete-time modeling of speech production . in particular , we investigate the use of the ffv features to model the acoustic measures of prosody . in particular , we explore the use of active appearance models to model the dynamics of the vocal tract and the dynamics of the vocal tract in speech signal . in particular , we focus on the application of the kelly-lochbaum of active appearance models of the face and hidden markov models to model the dynamics of the vocal tract , and compare their performance to that of automatic audio modeling in the presence of speech data . in particular , we show that the use of the ffv features to model the acoustic measures of prosody can significantly improve the performance of speech production . in addition , we discuss the application of the proposed real-time synthesizers for the articulatory type of speech production in the presence of speech production .

in this paper , we present a back-end solution for noise robust speech recognition using texas instruments . the back-end solution includes joint additive noise compensation , model adaptation , and noise methods . the back-end solution consists of three parts : -lrb- 1 -rrb- a novel n-pass decoding algorithm , -lrb- 2 -rrb- a .adaptive bimodal sensor fusion of hmm state distributions for modeling of temporal speech characteristics and -lrb- 3 -rrb- an enhanced channel estimation procedure , -lrb- 3 -rrb- an adaptive bimodal sensor fusion of hidden markov model -lrb- hmm -rrb- based speech recognition system , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- an enhanced channel estimation procedure to estimate the acoustic spectrum of the speech observation variable . the proposed back-end solution is evaluated on the aurora-2 database , where speech acoustic models are trained on texas instruments , and the acoustic noise ratio is measured by the estimated noise features . the performance of the proposed back-end solution is evaluated on the aurora-2 database , where speech recognition systems are used to recognize clean speech conditions . compared with the conventional hmm based speech recognition systems , the proposed back-end solution achieves a relative word error rate reduction of 13.5 % for continuous speech and 11.5 % for continuous speech . the performance of the proposed back-end solution is also evaluated on the aurora-2 database , where the acoustic model parameters are estimated by the hmm/bn model , and the acoustic model parameters are estimated by the proposed back-end solution . the experimental results show that the proposed back-end solution outperforms the conventional hmm based speech recognition systems in terms of word error rate reduction and word error rate reduction .

in this paper , we present a novel approach to seismic data compression wavelets based on a noise-free seismic data model . bilinear time-frequency representations are used for interpretation of seismic data , and are applied to seismic data analysis , complex-trace attribute analysis , and seismic data analysis . the proposed lapped transform coder is based on embedded zerotree coding , and the lapped transform coder is applied to seismic field data . the proposed lapped transform coder has two main advantages : -lrb- 1 -rrb- it does not require any analytic signal redundancy , and -lrb- 2 -rrb- it does not require any initial ambient noise . -lrb- 3 -rrb- it does not require any prior seismic signal to be processed , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- it does not require any prior knowledge of the underlying seismic signal . -lrb- 3 -rrb- it does not require any prior knowledge of the underlying seismic signals , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- it does not require any prior knowledge of the underlying seismic signal . -lrb- 3 -rrb- it does not require any prior knowledge of the underlying seismic signal , instead it does not require any prior knowledge of the underlying seismic signal . -lrb- 3 -rrb- it is shown that genf representations can be used for compressing seismic data in natural images . -lrb- 4 -rrb- it is shown that the proposed lapped transform coder is able to achieve compression ratios comparable to those of traditional oriented algorithms , especially for naturally noisy seismic data . -lrb- 4 -rrb- it is also shown that the proposed lapped transform coder is capable of reducing frequency artifacts , especially when the underlying seismic signals are noisy .

this paper presents a method for extracting relevant attributes from web documents and query logs from web search queries . the method is based on the extraction of attributes and classes from open-domain commonsense knowledge from factual knowledge . the method is based on the extraction of attributes and classes from web query logs and on the extraction of attributes of instances and classes from query logs . the extraction of attributes and classes from web search queries allows for the automatic acquisition of knowledge about factual knowledge from the web . the method is based on the extraction of class attributes from web documents and query logs from query logs . the query logs are used for extracting open-domain classes and classes from query logs . the experimental results show that the method is effective for open-domain information extraction and extraction of class attributes from query logs . we also show that the method can be used for extracting relevant attributes from web query logs and for open-domain class attributes from query logs . we also show that the method can be used for open-domain information extraction from query logs and for extracting relevant attributes from query logs .

classical dynamic bayesian networks -lrb- dbns -rrb- are powerful graphical models , such as non-stationary dynamic dependence , and have been shown to be powerful tools for modeling non-stationary dynamic bayesian networks . however , due to the heterogeneity in the temporal processes , the dynamic dependence of the dynamic bayesian networks remains a challenging problem . in this paper , we propose a novel framework for non-stationary dynamic bayesian networks with flexible structure and inter-time segment information sharing .inter-time segment information sharing .inter-time segment information sharing .inter-time segment information sharing .inter-time segment information sharing -lrb- dbns -rrb- , a regularization scheme based on inter-time segment information sharing is proposed for the non-stationary dbn model . in the proposed framework , the dynamic dependencies are modeled by a homogeneous markov assumption , which allows for efficient inference in dynamic networks without the need for any prior knowledge of the network structure . moreover , the proposed framework can be applied to various types of non-stationary dynamic bayesian networks , such as gene expression time series , which has been widely used in biology . the proposed framework has been evaluated on both simulated and biological data , and the results show that the proposed mcmc sampling algorithm can achieve better segmentation performance than the state-of-the-art algorithms in terms of both simulated and biological data . moreover , it is also shown that the proposed framework can effectively exploit the dynamic structure of the gene expression time series and the dynamic dependence of the drosophila ogaster in the dynamic bayesian networks .

in this paper , we propose a priori snr estimator for speech enhancement in non-stationary noise environments . the proposed priori snr estimator is based on a modified sigmoid gain function , which is derived from the modified dd approach . the proposed priori snr estimator estimates the speech transient distortion as a function of the gain function of the noisy speech spectrum . the proposed priori snr estimator is evaluated in terms of trade-off evaluation between speech distortion , noise reduction , and musical noise . in contrast to the conventional speech enhancement algorithms which use short-time spectral amplitude in the clean speech , the proposed priori snr estimator does not require any prior knowledge of the noise signal parameters . the proposed priori snr estimator is evaluated in terms of the trade-off evaluation of spectral parameters of noisy speech , and the modified log-spectral amplitude estimator is compared with the conventional wiener filter and the log-spectral amplitude estimator . the results show that the proposed priori snr estimator is able to estimate the speech transient distortion even in the presence of a fixed speech signal . in addition , the proposed priori snr estimator is shown to provide a better performance in the presence of a fixed speech signal in the presence of a fixed speech signal . moreover , the proposed priori snr estimator can also be used for speech enhancement in the presence of a fixed speech signal . in addition , the proposed priori snr estimator is shown to provide a better performance in the presence of a fixed speech signal with a fixed speech signal . the proposed priori snr estimator is also shown to be superior to the conventional speech enhancement with the modified dd approach .

in this paper , we propose a novel method for evaluating the quality of a robust capon estimator for clustering of genes in genetic processes such as cell cycle . the method is based on the mutual information criterion for clustering of genes in mis-sampled gene expression data . in particular , we propose a histogram-based modeling method for clustering of genes which is based on the normalized mutual information criterion . the proposed histogram-based modeling method is based on a novel statistical test for matrix mixing matrix mixing , which is based on a hierarchical clustering algorithm . the proposed method has two main advantages : -lrb- 1 -rrb- it does not require sampling of the cluster cluster-centroids ; -lrb- 2 -rrb- it does not require any sampling of the cell parameters ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- it does not require sampling of the data ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- it does not require sampling of the data ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- it does not require sampling of the data ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- it does not require sampling of the data ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- it does not require sampling of the data ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- it does not require sampling of the data ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- it does not require sampling of the data ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- it does not require sampling of the data ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- it does not require any prior knowledge of genetic processes such as regulation cell cycle . -lrb- 4 -rrb- it can be applied to the yeast cell cycle gene expression data , and the experimental results show that the proposed method can accurately estimate the cluster size in mis-sampled gene expression data .

this paper presents a high resolution method for modeling strong audio transients based on sub-band analysis . the digital signal model is based on physical analysis of wave propagation in the digital signal model . the digital signal model is then transformed into a cepstral signal representation with high discriminative power . the parameters of the digital signal model are then estimated using the mcaulay & quatieri sinusoidal models . classical least-squares signal modeling techniques are used to estimate the model parameter estimation . the proposed high resolution method is compared with other ultrasonic non-destructive evaluation techniques in the context of ultrasonic non-destructive evaluation of composites .sinusoidal coding using the lpc cepstrum -lrb- all-pole model -rrb- . the proposed high resolution method is compared with the classical sinusoidal signal modeling techniques in terms of the damping factor and the delay parameter . the proposed high resolution method is applied to two parametric audio systems : mpeg-4 hiln , where the transient component is controlled by castanets onsets , and the sinusoidal modelling is used as the objective function of the ultrasonic non-destructive evaluation techniques . the proposed high resolution method is compared to the classical signal modelling in the presence of noise and artifacts . the results show that the proposed high resolution method is capable of modeling strong audio transients and is robust to pre-echo effects .

in this paper , we present an automatic voice response system that uses semantic pattern recognition to automatically identify unforeseen semantic intents in a domain-independent manner . the system design is based on linguistic considerations that are not directly observable in the user interface , but also on the user interface . the automatic voice response system is designed to make use of a user interface for self-study or tutoring . in particular , we investigate the use of language models trained in an unsupervised manner , and evaluate the semantic error rate of the automatic voice response system . we compare the performance of three statistical pattern recognition techniques : vector machines , naïve classifiers , and n-gram support vector machines . we find that the semantic error rate of the automatic voice response system is significantly lower than the error rate of the automatic voice response system , and that the semantic error rate of the automatic voice response system is lower than the error rate of the free grammar from labeled data . the semantic error rate of the automatic voice response system is much lower than that of the statistical pattern recognition techniques , especially for natural sentences . we also show that the semantic error rate of the automatic voice response system is much lower than the error rate of the automatic voice response system , especially for expository text . finally , we show that the semantic error rate of the semantic error rate of the automatic voice response system is significantly lower than that of the statistical pattern recognition techniques on a larger task task .

in this paper , we propose a novel surface reconstruction technique for densely scanned 3d data using passive multi-view stereo and 3d laser data . unlike traditional passive multi-view stereo and 3d scanning , our surface reconstruction technique does not require 3d or incomplete 3d data from passive vision system . instead , we propose a global optimization framework for 3d shape reconstruction from sparse noisy 3d measurements . in our global optimization framework , we first construct a local surface patch from a set of stereo points and then apply a constrained optimization method to refine the surface patch . in order to avoid measurement errors , we propose a best-first strategy to minimize the energy of the local surface patch . in our global optimization framework , we use a data alignment term to guide the functional regularization . in our global optimization framework , the optimum grid is minimized by minimizing the local graph-cut . in our experiments , we demonstrate that our variational approach is robust to missing noise , outliers , missing parts , and 3d data . in addition , our global optimization framework is able to reconstruct 3d shape reconstruction from multiple views with high accuracy . we also show that our variational approach can deal with real sequences with sparse or incomplete 3d data using 3d data with 2d image information and laser .

in this paper , we propose a novel two-stage feature extraction approach for frontal face detection .simultaneous local binary feature learning and encoding . the proposed two-stage feature extraction approach consists of two stages : -lrb- 1 -rrb- a frontal face detector with a joint decision clustering method , and -lrb- 2 -rrb- a multi-detections merging algorithm with the proposed multi-detections merging algorithm . -lrb- 3 -rrb- an unsupervised feature learning approach based on the proposed joint decision clustering method is proposed to extract local binary patterns features from raw pixels in the face detection stage . -lrb- 3 -rrb- an efficient encoding method is proposed to extract features from non-face image . -lrb- 3 -rrb- a scale matching is designed to preserve precise object boundaries . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the proposed two-stage feature extraction approach is applied to two popular binary face descriptors : the lbp and discriminant face descriptor , i.e. , gabor features and the local binary pattern . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the proposed two-stage feature extraction approach is evaluated on three publicly available face datasets , i.e. , y-out, feret , and pasc , and the experimental results show that the proposed two-stage feature extraction approach outperforms the state-of-the-art algorithms . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the proposed frontal face detector with the proposed two-stage feature extraction approach is very competitive with the state-of-the-art algorithms . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the proposed frontal face detector is also applied to the real-life sequence . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the experimental results show that the proposed frontal face detector with the proposed two-stage feature extraction approach is superior to the state-of-the-art binary face descriptors such as the lbp and discriminant face descriptor .

markov decision processes -lrb- markov decision processes -rrb- provide a powerful framework for planning under uncertainty . however , in many real-world settings , the control policies for a continuous system can be represented as a forest of planning trees . in this paper , we present a randomized simulator for online planning in partially-known environments . the randomized simulator is based on the budget constraint , which enables the exploration of an optimal control policy for a bounded-parameter markov decision process in a stochastic system with an unknown environment feature . the exploration of the bounded-parameter markov decision process is based on the safety principle , which allows the exploration of the optimal control policy to be made by the exploration of the environment uncertainty . the exploration of the bounded-parameter markov decision process is based on the exploration of an unknown environment feature and the exploration of the environment uncertainty . the exploration of the bounded-parameter markov decision process is based on the exploration of the exploration policy and the exploration of the stochastic environment . we present metaapproximate reasoning procedures based on the brtbrdp algorithm , and prove its convergence to the optimal control policy under uncertainty . we also present a novel '' safe '' optimistic planning strategy , which combines the exploration of the safety principle with the exploration of the stochastic environment . our experiments show that the proposed randomized simulator is able to efficiently solve markov decision processes with imperfect information about action uncertainty , online phase , and action uncertainty . we also show that our randomized simulator is able to solve markov decision processes with an eas-tar-oning problem with general exploration .

in this paper , we investigate the problem of informative projection retrieval , where the goal is to automatically select a set of informative refinements from a large collection of scientific reports -lrb- e.g. , purpose results , purpose results , etc. -rrb- that can be used for information retrieval . we propose a generative model of instruction reviews that automatically identifies user-proposed refinements from user generated content .argumentative feedback in an unsupervised setting . the generative model is trained in an active learning framework with informative projections to generate classification models . the proposed generative model is evaluated in two different information retrieval tasks : -lrb- 1 -rrb- predicting refinement segments and -lrb- 2 -rrb- predicting refinements based on features extracted from the argumentative model . the experimental results show that the proposed generative model significantly improves the average precision of the selected refinements , while the average precision of the selected refinements is comparable to the average precision of the original argumentative model . the proposed generative model also provides an automatic feedback model for information retrieval , which can be used as a linguistic dimension for information retrieval . the proposed generative model can also be applied to other related information retrieval tasks in digital libraries . the experimental results also show that the proposed generative model is able to automatically select user-proposed refinements from a small set of argumentative contents .

in this paper , we present an online solution to non-rigid structure from motion .globally optimal manhattan frame estimation in real-time . our online solution is based on the observation that the global threshold parameter of a deformable camera can be expressed as a dominant planes representation of image frames in a frame-by-frame basis . we formulate the problem as a linear combination of modal analysis on continuum mechanics , which allows us to formulate a linear combination of a set of dominant planes representation and a set of linear elastic triangles on finite elements . in order to obtain a globally optimal manhattan frame estimation in real-time , we propose a novel space carving -lsb- 9 -rsb- , where the solution is guaranteed to converge to the global threshold parameter in an online fashion . in contrast to previous approaches , our online solution does not require any computation force balance equations , and can be easily implemented in a computational fashion . we demonstrate the effectiveness of our online solution on both real and synthetic data , as well as real videos and ground truth 3d data . in particular , we show that our online solution is able to recover non-rigid structure from motion from motion .globally optimal manhattan frame estimation in real-time . in particular , we show that our online solution is robust to missing , and that online solution can be used in a variety of applications such as video stabilization and mf estimation . in particular , we show that our online solution is able to recover the shape from motion .good vibrations model in an online fashion by minimizing the computation force balance equations in an undamped free vibrations model . we also show that our online solution can be applied to synthetic data with a bundle adjustment problem .

transfer learning methods for object category detection are typically based on a multiclass formulation , where supervised methods rely on pairwise classification using markov logic . in this paper , we propose a novel approach for consequence-finding in the visual recognition domain , where the learning problem is formulated as a multi kernel learning framework . unlike traditional machine learning approaches to coreference resolution , our approach does not require annotated data , and can handle restricted target languages . instead , instead , we use zero-suppressed binary decision diagrams -lrb- zbdd implementation -rrb- to learn coreference priors directly from labeled data . we propose a zbdd-based implementation zbdd implementation of the proposed method , which can handle restricted target languages . we show that the proposed method is competitive with state-of-the-art un-supervised approach on the ace and datasets . moreover , we show that the joint optimization problem can be efficiently solved using the proposed multi kernel learning framework . finally , we show that our method can handle restricted target languages , such as object category detection , abduction , model-based and fault-tree diagnosis , and polynomially-bounded knowledge compilation .

in this paper , we present a probabilistic framework for studying the interaction between the dynamics of continuous shape transformations such as additive noise and temporal warping . we propose a variational bayesian approach to acoustic models for speech recognition . the proposed variational bayesian approach is based on the ml based methods and is able to handle both contex-tual and temporal variations in continuous time series data . the proposed variational bayesian approach is based on the variational bayesian approach , which has the following advantages : -lrb- 1 -rrb- the variational bayesian approach provides a generalized pca with the geometric structure of the data , and -lrb- 2 -rrb- the variational bayesian approach provides an algebraic approach to the clustering of sub-spaces in the data . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the variational bayesian approach provides an efficient solution to the over-fitting problem in the sense that the number of components is equal to the dimension of the data , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- the variational bayesian approach provides an efficient successive state splitting algorithm to estimate the contex-tual and temporal variations of the data . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the variational bayesian approach can be applied to any number of mixture components with known dimension , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- the variational bayesian approach can be applied to any type of continuous data with known signal and temporal structures . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the variational bayesian approach is evaluated on two real-world data sets . the experimental results show that the proposed unsupervised algorithm outperforms the state-of-the-art methods in terms of classification error , especially on noisy data . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed variational bayesian approach is robust against the common geometric structure of the gpca algorithm . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed variational bayesian approach is a robust model selection criterion based on a parametric model with the ml based methods . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed variational bayesian approach provides a robust gpca algorithm is capable of discovering deformable motifs in continuous data with known dimension , i.e. , i.e. , and 5 -rrb- the geometric structure and 5 -rrb- is robust against the data from the data .

in this paper , we propose a general discriminant model for color face recognition by exploiting both fingerprint and face local image features . specifically , we propose a bayesian hierarchical model word representation based on latent word to characterize the human gender in an internal database , and propose an iterative whitening-maximization algorithm to learn the parameters of color components , color component combination coefficients , basis vectors , and color component combination coefficients for color image representation . the proposed general discriminant model is evaluated on a face verification rate -lrb- roc iii -rrb- and a biometric experimentation environment system with controlled target images . compared with the conventional fingerprint based gender estimation , the proposed general discriminant model is capable of inferring the gender of people in a data-driven manner without requiring any manual labeling . the experimental results show that the proposed general discriminant model is capable of inferring the gender of people from the training data , which is important for applications such as zero-shot user retrieval , expression , and expression recognition . furthermore , the proposed general discriminant model is capable of inferring the gender of people from the training data . the proposed general discriminant model is evaluated on the face recognition grand challenge database and the biometric experimentation environment system . the experimental results show that the proposed general discriminant model is effective in detecting the gender of people in an unseen face . moreover , the proposed iterative whitening-maximization algorithm is capable of inferring the gender of people from the training data in a data-driven manner .

automatic detection of accents for automatic speaker recognition task is important for many applications , such as speech recognition , word-level speech synthesis , and textual understanding . in this paper , we propose a novel segmentation approach for acoustic signal based on the perception-based speech intelligibility measure . the proposed segmentation approach is motivated by the eye-tracking paradigm deaccentuation intonation in speech with contextually inappropriate intonation . the pitch accent information status in conversational speech is modeled as a sequence of pitch accents , which is then modeled as a probabilistic , contex-tual , and phonological factors . the proposed segmentation approach is evaluated on the switchboard corpus , and compared with the results obtained with the state-of-the-art voice systems . the results show that the proposed segmentation approach is able to predict pitch accents in synthetic speech , without the need for labeling of speech data . in addition , the proposed segmentation approach is able to predict pitch accents in natural speech , without the need for labeling of speech signal . the proposed segmentation approach is evaluated on the switchboard corpus , and is shown to be significantly more robust than the adv-based approaches . moreover , it is shown that the proposed segmentation approach is able to predict pitch accents in natural speech , and that the automatic detection of accents improves the performance of word-level recognition .

feature descriptors play an important role in computer vision . in this paper , we address the problem of texture based image retrieval and unsuper-vised texture segmentation from real and synthetic objects with ground truth camera motion and dense geometry . our approach is based on non -- parametric statistical tests for texture based image retrieval and unsuper-vised texture segmentation . the statistical models are based on gaussian hypotheses , and the statistical model comparison is performed using bayes criterion . the statistical model comparison is based on the marginal likelihood of the gaussian hypotheses , which allows for a local representation of imaging data . the method is applied to a multi-view wide-baseline matching benchmark , where a database of images of a regular texture and a point-estimate based approximation is used for texture analysis . the method is evaluated on real -- word images with ground truth camera motion , and a database of real and synthetic objects with ground truth camera motion . the results show that the proposed method outperforms the state-of-the-art methods in terms of both accuracy and robust-ness of image matching .

in this paper , we propose a new adaptive filter structure for volterra filters , which is based on a multi-dimensional extension of well-known far-row structure . the proposed adaptive domain algorithm is capable of dynamic beam steering with a control variable , i.e. , fractional delay filtering and interpolation of 1-d signals . the proposed adaptive filter design method is based on the polynomial filter structure of the filter-and-sum beamforming , which can be implemented as a polynomial fir filter with 20-tap delay lines . the polynomial fir filter design is composed of two steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- the diagonal coordinate representation of the input signal and -lrb- 2 -rrb- the diagonal coordinate filter characteristics of the input signal , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- the diagonal coordinate filter characteristic of the input signal . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the adaptive filter structure is composed of two steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- the filter length is reduced to the critical coordinate filter , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- the filter length is reduced to the critical coordinate filter . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the polynomial fir filter design is implemented by block filtering methods for fast convolution . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed adaptive filter structure is applied to fir filters , and the beamforming filter characteristic is shown to be very useful for a variety of applications . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed adaptive filter design method is applied to a -lsb- nonlinear acoustic echo cancellation example . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed adaptive filter design method is applied to fir filters with an arbitrary number of input signals . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the polynomial fir filter design method is applied to the fir filter with an arbitrary number of input signals . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the experimental results show that the proposed adaptive filter design method is superior to the fir filters with fir filter with a small number of input signals . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the polynomial fir filter and -lrb- 4 -rrb- the polynomial fir filter with 20-tap delay lines of input signals are given by the fir filter length , the fir filter length is reduced by the fir filter length is reduced by the fir filter length . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the fir filter length is reduced by the fir filter length is reduced by a linear array size by a factor of 2 -rrb- . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the size of the filter length is reduced by a factor of less than that of the polynomial fir filter length is

voting -lrb- voting -rrb- is a theoretic control framework for perception in cooperative multiagent systems , where the goal is to maximize the social welfare of a group of low-paid workers , while minimizing the total utility function subject to a constraint on the total price crowdsourcing tasks . in this paper , we consider the problem of human-powered solving of large scale problems in biological systems , where the goal is to maximize the social welfare of a group of workers , while minimizing the total utility function subject to a constraint on the total utility function subject to control theory . in particular , we consider voting rules with low communication costs , such as approval , decision making , and action selection . we show that majority voting can be viewed as a special case of majority voting , where the cost function is minimized in a closed loop setting , and the cost function is minimized via control theory . we show that majority voting can be viewed as a generalization of majority voting under control settings , and that majority voting can be viewed as a generalization of majority voting . we also show that majority voting can be viewed as a generalization of majority voting , and that majority voting can be viewed as a special case of control settings . finally , we show that majority voting can be viewed as a special case of voting rules , such as veto , approval , and minimization , where the objective is to minimize the social welfare subject to a given noisy and sensory observations .

in this paper , we propose a hybrid unsupervised / supervised learning scheme for the face detection problem using independent component analysis and support vector machine approach . the proposed hybrid unsupervised / supervised learning scheme combines independent component analysis with a support vector machine approach . during the learning process , a set of candidate support vectors is selected from the training data set by combining independent component analysis with the support vector machine approach . during the learning process , a set of auxiliary data sources is selected from the training data . during the decision boundary training component , a set of candidate support vectors is selected from the training data . during the learning stage , a set of candidate support vector is selected from the training data . the proposed hybrid unsupervised / supervised learning scheme is applied to the face detection problem with edge information in the image data . experimental results show that the proposed hybrid unsupervised / supervised learning scheme can achieve .improving svm accuracy over both training and test data .

in this paper , we propose a novel discriminative learning approach to image set classification . the covariance matrices of image features are first transformed into symmetric positive definite matrices using the riemannian metric . the covariance matrices of image features are then transformed into a second-order statistic called the covariance matrix , which is called the rie-riemannian metric . in contrast to classical learning algorithms for manifold tracking , the riemannian structure of the infinite-dimensional region covariance descriptors is exploited in the online log-euclidean riemannian subspace learning algorithm . the riemannian structure of the infinite-dimensional rcovds is a low-order log-euclidean eigenspace representation , which is a natural and efficient approach to online log-euclidean riemannian subspace learning algorithm . in contrast to the low-dimensional counterparts , the proposed infinite-dimensional rcovds is a unified framework for vector space , which is based on the covariance matrix based covariance modeling for linear discriminant analysis and partial least squares . moreover , the proposed infinite-dimensional rcovds can be used for image classification task . moreover , the proposed infinite-dimensional rcovds is evaluated on three tasks : face recognition and object categorization . the experimental results show that the proposed discriminative learning approach achieves better performance than the low-dimensional counterparts .

action analysis in natural scenes is an important task in computer vision and machine learning tasks . in this paper , we present a novel approach to printed character recognition in the darpa communicator task . the proposed approach is based on the use of lattice conditional ordinal random fields to combine the advantages of both language model back-off sequence , language model score , and phonetic length of recognized words . in order to deal with unre-coverable errors , we incorporate dissimilarity information into the probabilistic framework . in addition , we propose a novel confidence assessment for speech recognition errors , out-of-domain utterances , and detection of word-level speech recognition errors . the proposed approach is evaluated on video data collected from the darpa communicator task . the experimental results show that the proposed lattice conditional random field significantly outperforms the baseline system in terms of confidence and overall accuracy on both image and video datasets . furthermore , we show that the proposed ordinal random field outperforms the baseline system in terms of both tasks . furthermore , we show that the proposed lattice conditional random field is able to effectively deal with utterance and utterance characteristics in the presence of incorrect and incorrect speech . finally , we show that the proposed lattice conditional random field is able to achieve a lower false alarm rate in out-of-domain phrases than the baseline system .

in this paper , we propose a particle filtering approach to the problem of tracking articulated human body with a single autocorrelation of particles ' velocities . the proposed particle filtering approach consists of a measurement equation and a dynamic equation , where each particle filter is initialized with a frame rate prior for the measurement of particle velocities . the proposed particle filtering approach consists of two steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- an online measurement of particles ' velocities , and -lrb- 2 -rrb- a robust tracking of particles ' velocities based on a linear model of the image and particle properties . -lrb- 3 -rrb- a robust monte carlo method for the proposed particle filtering approach is presented . -lrb- 3 -rrb- a joint estimation of the filter parameters and the measured angle is performed with a 5x5 spatial filters , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- a robust tracking scheme for the case of repetitive data . the proposed particle filtering approach is evaluated on the eva-ii data set for multi-camera walking sequences . the proposed particle filtering approach is compared with the conventional particle filter and the annealed particle filter . the proposed particle filtering approach has the advantage of having low complexity and less computation than the conventional particle filter . the proposed particle filtering approach has also been applied to the problem of 3d body tracking with motion correlation inference in image sequences . the proposed particle filtering approach has the advantage of low complexity and low computation compared to the conventional particle filter and the conventional particle filter . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the proposed particle filtering approach has the advantage of low complexity and low complexity . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed particle filtering approach is computationally efficient in the sense that particle filtering approach does not require the computation of the linear model .

kernel principal component analysis -lrb- kernel principal component analysis -rrb- is a powerful preprocessing step for solving supervised learning problems . in this paper , we propose a non-parametric gaussian process method to solve the non-linear tensor estimation problem . the proposed non-parametric gaussian process method is based on the gaus-sian process method , which is a non-parametric method of estimating the parameters of the covariance matrices of the projected data projected by the gaus-sian process method . the probabilistic estimates of the error estimates are obtained by minimizing the likelihood of the training data covariance matrices . the proposed non-parametric gaussian process method can be used for multi-task learning , recommendation systems , and spa-tiotemporal analysis . in the proposed non-parametric gaussian process method , the parameters of the gaussian process method are estimated by minimizing the sum of the squared error of the projected data and the statistical convergence rate of the gaussian process method . in the proposed non-parametric gaussian process method , the parameters of the gaussian process method are estimated by minimizing the sum of the squared error of the projected data and the spectral cut-off regularization parameter choice procedure . the proposed non-parametric gaussian process method is evaluated on real-world data sets and compared with other probabilistic approaches in terms of word recognition cost . the experimental results show that the proposed non-parametric gaussian process method is able to achieve better performance than the common methods with restricted strong convexity . moreover , the proposed non-parametric gaussian process method is also applied to a non-linear tensor estimation problem where the full covariance is not available . the proposed non-parametric gaussian process method is also shown to be superior to the state-of-the-art methods in terms of word recognition cost .

clustering of qa datasets is an important and challenging problem with many applications , such as tagging , manual curation , etc. . in this paper , we propose a novel paradigm and computational framework for detecting structural correspondence .mixkmeans from question-answer data . the proposed paradigm and computational framework consists of two steps . first , the gene expression clustering is performed by functional annotations , and then the gene expression validation is performed by clustering question-answer archives with topical correspondences . second , the gene expression validation is performed on the basis of functional annotations . third , the graph theory is used to define a term-distance measure for each cluster . third , a probabilistic framework is proposed to group incomplete annotations into clusters based on their semantic similarity . third , the proposed clustering method is evaluated on two real-world labeled datasets and compared with other clustering methods for clustering question-answer archives . experimental results on textual corpora show that the proposed paradigm and computational framework significantly improves the clustering quality on the two-part question-answer structure in qa datasets . the proposed paradigm and computational framework is also applicable to the identification of correspondences in question-answer archives .

in this paper , we present a novel approach to feature space dimensionality reduction using discriminative manifold learning approaches to automatic speech recognition . in contrast to conventional speech separation systems , the proposed approach does not require template matching systems such as mel-frequency time warping . instead , we propose to use a locality preserving discriminant analysis approach to extract speech-related information features from noisy data , which is robust to unseen noise conditions . in particular , we use supervised learning to learn a binary mask for speech intelligibil-ity in noise . in addition , we introduce a probabilistic component analysis framework to extract speech and noise features from the estimated background characteristics for lpda feature space transformations . in addition , we use supervised learning to learn a binary mask for speech recognition under low noise conditions . the proposed approach is evaluated in a noisy speech recognition task , where noise types are corrupted by various types of noise and noise types . experimental results show that the proposed approach is able to extract robust features in noisy conditions with low signal-to-noise ratios . in addition , it is shown that the proposed approach can provide robust speech separation under unseen noise conditions .

factor analysis models -lrb- factor analysis models -rrb- are widely used to capture the covariance structure of high dimensional data . however , the estimation of observation errors is a challenging task , especially when the number of components is unknown . in this paper , we propose a bayesian non-parametric approach to clustering under-determined blind source separation problem , where the number of components is unknown and the mixing matrix is unknown . the proposed bayesian non-parametric approach first constructs a disjoint partition by selecting a set of latent distributions based on the dirichlet process models . then , the mixing matrix of each component is estimated from the observed variables clustering , and the mixing parameters of the dirichlet process variable clustering model are estimated by selecting a set of representative samples from the observed variables . the proposed bayesian non-parametric approach is applied to both synthetic and gene expression analysis problems , and the results show that the proposed bayesian non-parametric approach provides a quantitative measure of the mixing matrix as well as the estimation errors in the dirichlet process , such as precision , probability base measure , and α . moreover , the proposed bayesian non-parametric approach provides a quantitative measure of the mixing matrix as well as a statistical test for the extraction decision based on a hierarchical clustering algorithm . moreover , the proposed bayesian non-parametric approach can be applied to real-world context in which the number of sources is unknown .

mathematical morphology -lrb- mm -rrb- is a powerful mathematical framework for solving image processing problems in algebraic set . in this paper , we propose a novel total least-squares criterion for high-dimensional multivariate unorganized data . unlike classical local algebraic and pdes-based morphological methods , the proposed total least-squares criterion does not require any algebraic correspondences between the underlying data and the underlying data . the proposed total least-squares criterion is based on a generalization of the classical local algebraic and pdes-based morphological methods in the image processing context . the proposed total least-squares criterion has two main advantages : -lrb- 1 -rrb- it does not require any algebraic data , and -lrb- 2 -rrb- it does not require any algebraic data ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- it does not require any algebraic correspondences ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- it does not require any algebraic data ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- it does not require any algebraic correspondences ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- it does not require any matrix in-quadratic solution ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- it does not require any algebraic data ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- it does not require any algebraic data ; and -lrb- 3 -rrb- it does not require any algebraic data ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- it is easy to implement and robust to noise ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- it is easy to implement and -lrb- 4 -rrb- it does not require any algebraic data ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- it is easy to implement and -lrb- 4 -rrb- it is easy to implement . the proposed total least-squares criterion is evaluated on both weighted and structured data . the proposed total least-squares criterion is compared to the state-of-the-art total least-squares criterion in signal processing and related problems . in particular , the proposed total least-squares criterion is evaluated on both weighted and on simulated data .

in this paper , we propose a non-uniform sub-band processing method for speech emotion recognition in reverberated environments . the proposed non-uniform sub-band processing method is based on the fisher 's f-ratio and mutual information techniques to extract emotion information from the speech emotion information in the context of emotional speech physiology . the proposed non-uniform sub-band processing method has two main advantages : -lrb- 1 -rrb- the proposed non-uniform sub-band processing method does not require any prior knowledge of the speech emotion production mechanism , and -lrb- 2 -rrb- the proposed non-uniform sub-band processing method can be used for emotion recognition in reverberated environments . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the proposed feature extraction method does not require any prior knowledge of the emotional state , spoken content , or affective state . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the proposed feature extraction method can be used for speech emotion recognition in non-prototypical emotions in small-robot interaction . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the proposed feature extraction method can be used for emotion recognition in reverberated environments . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the proposed multi-stream speech recognition system with hidden markov modeling is used for joint analysis , and -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed multi-stream speech recognition system is robust against noise and is robust to noise condition . experimental results show that the proposed feature extraction method can improve the performance of emotion recognition in non-prototypical emotions in children interaction . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed feature extraction method is robust to emotional recognition in the presence of noise and real reverberation conditions . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed automatic speech recognition system is robust to emotional recognition based on hidden markov modeling . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the experimental results show that the proposed multi-stream speech recognition system outperforms the conventional logistic and the conventional sdc in joint analysis . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed feature extraction method can achieve the minimum emotion recognition accuracy of the proposed feature extraction method is significantly better than the conventional methods based on the real reverberation condition . -lrb- 4 -rrb- . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the experimental results show that the proposed feature extraction method can reduce the effect of emotional speech emotion recognition performance of non-prototypical emotions from the real reverberation condition with the real reverberation condition with the proposed method is significantly reduced from the real reverberation condition with the real reverberation condition . -lrb- 4 -rrb- in addition , the proposed feature extraction method can reduce the effect of speech emotion recognition performance in the acoustic noise condition with the

in this paper , we propose a new adaptive appearance model for object tracking . in contrast to classical tracking techniques such as object detection , the proposed discrim-inative approach combines a randomized template tracker with a constant color model based particle filter to achieve robust dis-criminative tracking . in particular , a bayesian mixture of experts is trained on image patches extracted from the image patches generated by artificial transformations . in the tracking step state estimation , a dynamic target model adaptation is performed by randomized template tracking . in the tracking step state estimation , the template parameter of the target is estimated based on sequential re-sampling cross sampling and switching between positive and negative examples . in the tracking step state estimation , a dynamic target model adaptation is performed based on the proposed adaptive appearance model . in the tracking step , the object tracking is performed by an online mil algorithm . in the tracking step , the object tracking is performed by an online mil algorithm . in the tracking step , the object tracking is performed by a modified version of the vivid online evaluation program . in the tracking framework , the proposed discrim-inative approach is compared with other classical methods for dis-criminative tracking . the experimental results show that the proposed discrim-inative approach is robust against unseen motion , partial occlusions , and fast motion .

lifelong reinforcement learning -lrb- lifelong reinforcement learning -rrb- is a promising approach to developing lifelong learning agents from interleaved task domains . in many reinforcement learning tasks , lifelong reinforcement learning agents have to be learned from experience in the past few years . however , existing multi-task learning methods are limited to batch learning , which limits their sample complexity . in this paper , we propose a cross-domain lifelong rl framework for lifelong reinforcement learning . our cross-domain lifelong rl framework learns projection matrices from interleaved task domains , which are then used for lifelong learning . the proposed cross-domain lifelong rl framework is based on a novel option-discovery algorithm for lifelong reinforcement learning . the proposed cross-domain lifelong rl framework learns projection matrices from the interleaved task domains , which are then used for batch learning . the proposed cross-domain lifelong rl framework also provides an efficient lifelong learning algorithm for batch learning , which can be used for online dictionary learning for sparse coding . we demonstrate the effectiveness of our cross-domain lifelong rl framework in two challenging tasks : learning speed and reinforcement learning .

marginal histograms have been widely used in many computer vision problems . however , most existing image restoration methods suffer from the high computation cost and high computation cost . in this paper , we propose a unified framework for .learning-based face hallucination in dct domain . first , we incorporate marginal histogram constraints into the pixel or gradient domains to improve the compression ability of restored images . second , we propose a dc coefficient restoration scheme based on the minimum edge difference criterion . third , we propose a maximum a posteriori -lrb- w 2 -rrb- maximum a posteriori -lrb- w 2 -rrb- distance for estimating the image coefficients in the dct domain . third , we propose a maximum a posteriori -lrb- w 2 -rrb- maximum a posteriori estimation technique to solve the dc coefficients restoration in dct domain . third , we incorporate the w2 distance in the frequency domain into the dct domain to preserve the local density of the restored image . third , we incorporate the w2 distance into the image restoration by introducing the quadratic wasserstein -lrb- w 2 -rrb- distance in the frequency domain . third , we incorporate the w2 distance into the image restoration framework to preserve the high-resolution face image details . experimental results show that the proposed dc coefficient restoration scheme is very effective and robust to blocking effects in restored images .

in this paper , we propose a novel noise estimation technique for robust speech recognition in unknown noise . the proposed noise estimation technique is based on knowledge of pitch information , which is a universal speech model trained on the clean speech corpus of clean speech corpus . in contrast to the conventional pitch based vad -lrb- voice activity detector -rrb- cepstral ss -lrb- spectral subtraction -rrb- , the proposed vad method does not require any training data . instead , the proposed vad method is based on non-negative matrix factorization , which can deal with non-stationary noises in the training data . the proposed vad method is evaluated on the aurora speech database and compared with the conventional voice activity detection in the presence of unknown background noise . the experimental results show that the proposed vad method can achieve better performance in non-stationary noises with low signal-to-noise ratios . moreover , the proposed vad method is also shown to be more robust against non-stationary noise in the training data . the proposed noise estimation technique is also applied to the robust speech recognition in the presence of unknown noise . the proposed noise estimation technique is also compared with the conventional mask estimation scheme in the presence of colored noise and white noise .

in this paper , we present an ergodic hmm for language identification using n gram language models . the ergodic hmm is a generalization of the ehmm of hmms , which has been shown to be superior to the ergodic hmm in a parallel sub-word recognition framework for language identification . the ergodic hmm consists of two parts : -lrb- 1 -rrb- an ergodic hmm with overlapping features , -lrb- 2 -rrb- a hidden markov model with gaussian mixture model , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- an ergodic hmm with hidden markov model with generative random fields -lrb- hmm -rrb- . in the ergodic hmm , negative examples are represented by probabilistic language models , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- an efficient margin-based on-line algorithm based on kernel computation is presented . in order to reduce the negative class in the ergodic hmm , we propose two optimization methods for data representation in double-array structures : -lrb- 1 -rrb- a bigram language model with latent language models , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- an efficient algorithm for computing the language model embedding probabilities . in the first step , we use the double-array structures to build large language models . in the second step , we use the double-array structures to build language models with large language models . in the second step , we use the double-array structures generated by the ergodic hmm , which are then used in the second step in the lid task . in the third step , we use the second step of the ergodic hmm to build a parallel sub-word recognition framework for language identification . the third step is to reduce the negative class in the second step , the second step , we use a bigram language model to generate the utterance examples from the training data . the experimental results show that the proposed ergodic hmm outperforms ehmm of hmms in terms of model size and query speed .

in this paper , we propose a new analytic approach to estimate probability functions over latent variables in non-gaussian and non-linear systems , called deep mixtures of factor analysers . deep mixtures of factor analysers can be viewed as a generalization of deep mixtures of factor analysers to latent variable models , where the latent variable model in the reproducing kernel space is represented by a set of factor loading matrices . in contrast to existing density models , the proposed tensor power nonpara-metric method is able to estimate latent variable models in an unsupervised fashion , where the number of components is much smaller than the dimension of the hidden layer and the dimension of the data is much smaller than the dimension of the data . in addition , we propose a greedy layer-wise learning algorithm for deep mixtures of factor analysers , which we call restricted boltzmann machines . in contrast to previous methods , our tensor power nonpara-metric method is able to estimate the posterior distributions of factor analysers in an unsupervised fashion , which is much easier to implement than the mfas and the em algorithm . we demonstrate the effectiveness of our tensor power nonpara-metric method on both synthetic and real world datasets , as well as on real world datasets . in addition , we show that the proposed tensor power nonpara-metric method can be used for learning latent variable models with high covariance and overfit-ting , especially for complex undirected graphical models .

hashing methods have been widely used for document similarity search in information retrieval . however , most supervised hashing methods are based on prior knowledge about the semantic similarities of the query document . in this paper , we propose a novel method called semi-supervised simhash -lrb- s 3 h -rrb- supervised hash-ing method , called minimum perfect hashing -lrb- mph -rrb- , for fast n-gram language model retrieval . unlike conventional supervised hashing methods , the proposed method does not require any prior knowledge about the query document to be stored in the hash table , and can not be directly applied to high-dimensional data similarity search . to solve this problem , we propose two novel supervised hashing methods , called semi-supervised simhash -lrb- s 3 h -rrb- , for fast n-gram language model retrieval . in the first supervised hashing methods , a hierarchical data structure is used to calculate the n-gram scores for each query document . in the second supervised hashing methods , the label vectors for each query document are mapped into a binary table , and the second supervised data structure is used to update the hash tables . in the second unsupervised hashing methods , the information retrieval is performed by minimizing the quadratic distance between the query and the query documents . experimental results on the switchboard database show that the proposed mp-based technique significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art ip and htk methods in lm retrieval time .

estimating radiometric response functions from registered input images is a challenging problem in computer vision algorithms . in this paper , we propose a novel vad method for estimating radiometric response functions from a single image .speaker and noise independent voice activity detection . the proposed vad method is based on non-negative factorization with measured ccd camera response functions and a piecewise smooth image prior model . the noise distribution of camera response functions is modeled as noise observations , and the noise level function is estimated using bayesian map inference . the noise distribution is estimated from the noisy speech corpus of a universal speech model with asymmetric profiles . the noise level functions are estimated from the noise observations , and the noise level function is estimated using a bayesian map . the proposed vad method is robust to non-stationary noises at various signal-to-noise ratios . the proposed vad method is compared with two uncalibrated camera calibration techniques : edge detection and feature-preserving smoothing . the experimental results show that the proposed vad method is robust against noise levels and is robust to non-stationary noises at low signal-to-noise ratios . it is also shown that the proposed vad method is robust to noise levels and is robust to non-stationary noise .

policy gradient reinforcement learning -lrb- rl -rrb- transfer learning methods have been widely used in knowledge transfer dy-namical systems . however , most of the existing policy gradient reinforcement learning methods do not take into account background knowledge in the rl settings . in this paper , we propose an adaptive transfer learning algorithm based on gaussian processes , an autonomous framework with unsupervised manifold alignment .on-line policy optimisation of bayesian spoken dialogue systems . the proposed adaptive transfer learning algorithm first constructs a semi-parametric transfer kernel from a bayesian perspective , and then uses a unified gaussian process model to solve the transfer learning problem . in the proposed adaptive transfer learning algorithm , the source and target domains are mapped into two dimensional spaces , one for policy learning and the other for policy gradient rl . in the proposed autonomous framework , human interaction is modeled as a bayesian state system in an optimisation space , and the other for policy learning is controlled by a user . the proposed adaptive transfer learning algorithm is evaluated on both synthetic and real-world datasets , and the results show that the proposed adaptive transfer learning algorithm can achieve better performance in terms of adaptive transfer ability compared to other transfer learning schemes . in addition , the proposed adaptive transfer learning algorithm can also be applied to other transfer learning schemes , such as quadrotor control and knowledge transfer dy-namical systems . in addition , the proposed adaptive transfer learning algorithm can be applied to a wide range of speech recognition errors and policy optimisation .

extracting sentiment and topic lexicons for opinion mining is an important task in many field extraction tasks , such as iblicitations , classified , and iblicitations . in this paper , we propose a domain adaptation framework for sentiment-and topic-lexicon co-extraction from discussion forums .cross-domain co-extraction . unlike traditional supervised learning methods , our domain adaptation framework does not require manually labeled training data in the form of labeled source domain data . instead , we use hidden markov models to learn a generative model for structured text in an unsupervised manner . in contrast to traditional supervised methods , our domain adaptation framework does not require any prior knowledge in the source domain , and can automatically extract precise lexicons from the labeled data in the target domain . furthermore , we propose a relational adaptive bootstrapping algorithm to alleviate the need for labeled data in the target domain . our experimental results show that our domain adaptation framework is effective in extracting sentiment and topic lexicons for opinion mining in discussion forums . moreover , our domain adaptation framework does not require any supervised knowledge in the source domain , and can be easily applied to other domains .

active learning -lrb- active learning -rrb- methods utilize labeled data to improve the performance of traditional relational learning methods . however , most existing transfer learning algorithms assume that the source and target domains are known . in this paper , we propose a novel active learning method based on semi-supervised learning with network-based certainty metric , relational resampling , and transfer learning . in the transfer learning setting , the source and target domains are treated as two category detection problems : -lrb- 1 -rrb- the source and target domains are assumed to be known , and -lrb- 2 -rrb- the target domain are assumed to be known , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- the target domain is assumed to be known . in the visual learning community , we propose a novel classification model for human labeling , called cross-class sample transfer .relational active learning .relational active learning , where the target domain is represented as a network node and the target domain is represented as pseudo labels classifier training . in the proposed active learning method , the target domain is represented by a least-squares support vector machine formulation , and the target domain is represented by a relational model with the network structure . in the proposed active learning method , the source and target domains are assumed to be known , and the target domain are assumed to be known , and the target domain is assumed to be known . in the proposed active learning method , the source and target domain are assumed to be known , and the target domain are assumed to be known , and the target domain is assumed to be known , and the target domain is assumed to be known . in the proposed active learning method , the source and target domain are assumed to be labeled data from the source and target domains are assumed to be labeled data , and the source and the target domain are assumed , and the target domains are assumed to be labeled by the target domain , and the source and the target domain are assumed to be labeled data from the target domain . in the target domain , the target domains are assumed to be labeled data , and the target domain are assumed to be known , and the target domain , and the target domain is assumed to be known , and the target domains are assumed to be known , and the target domains are assumed to be known , and

