in this paper , we propose a novel approach to enhance the classifier accuracy by incorporating the discriminative training of support vector machine and support vector machine . specifically , we propose a discrimina-tive training approach to improve the classification error classification accuracy by incorporating the constrained minimization approach with the latent semantic indexing matrix and support vector machines . specifically , we use the generalized linear discriminate sequence kernel to build the vector support vector framework for the binary identification problems , which is a vector-space model of dyadic interactions . in order to deal with the large amount of training data , we use the generalized linear discriminate sequence kernel to train the cepstral model , which is then used to train a logistic logistic logistic regression model . in order to reduce the number of training data , we also propose a combination strategy to estimate the parameters of the gaussian mixture model -lrb- hmms -rrb- and the gaussian mixture model -lrb- gmm -rrb- classifiers . the proposed method is evaluated on the switchboard databases and compared against the state-of-art svm system in terms of relative error reduction accuracy . in addition , the proposed method is shown to be effective in reducing the number of training data required to achieve the same performance as the baseline classifiers . moreover , it is also shown that the proposed method can reduce the number of training data required to achieve the same performance as the baseline classifiers . finally , the proposed method is applied to the banking call routing system , which has been evaluated on the nist language recognition tasks .
in this paper , we propose a novel method for normalizing road signs using color shifting property of a multiple color-filter aperture camera . a multiple color-filter aperture camera is used to extract depth information from an misaligned color image . color shifting vectors are extracted from the color shifting mask map using the laplacian matting method . the color shifting property of a multiple color-filter aperture camera is exploited to extract the depth information from the misaligned color image . the color shifting property of a single camera-based full depth map is used to estimate the illuminant color changes , viewpoint direction shadowing , and illuminant color changes . the color shifting property of a single camera-based full depth map is used for normalizing road signs with arbitrary viewpoint behaviors . color shifting vectors are extracted from the color shifting mask map , which is used to estimate the surface location and orientation of an object in the scene . the proposed method is evaluated by comparing the performance of the proposed method with the state-of-the-art methods . the experimental results show that the proposed method is effective for global surface reconstruction with an arbitrary viewpoint and is robust to viewpoint change .
in this paper , we present a variational method for simultaneous estimation of dense scene flow and structure from motion in perspective image sequences . the proposed variational method is based on the assumption that the camera trajectories are represented by adaptative models , and that the intrinsic camera parameters can be estimated from the observed data . the proposed variational method does not require any pre-calibration of the camera , nor does not require any prior knowledge about the structure of the scene . instead , the proposed variational method does not require any prior knowledge about the structure of the scene , nor does not require any prior knowledge about the structure of the scene . instead , the proposed variational method does not require any prior knowledge about the structure of the 3d scene , nor does not require any prior knowledge about the structure of the scene . the proposed variational method is evaluated on both calibrated and uncalibrated data with a fully calibrated camera setup . the proposed variational method is evaluated on both calibrated and uncalibrated data with various types of camera structure , including colinearity , 3d parallelism , and colinearity . the proposed variational method is applied to both calibrated and uncalibrated data , as well as real imagery , and is shown to be robust to noise and occlusions . the proposed variational method is also applied to the simultaneous estimation of dense scene flow and structure from motion from motion in perspective image sequences . the proposed variational method does not require any pre-calibration , nor does not require any pre-calibration procedure , nor does not require any prior knowledge of the motion . the proposed variational method can be applied to both calibrated and uncalibrated data , as well as real imagery . the proposed variational method is based on stereo sequences with a joint energy functional with a bayesian structure from motion from motion from motion in a single camera setup , where the unknown stereo setup , the camera parameters are unknown stereo setup . the proposed variational method does not require no assumptions are assumed to be assumed to be available , and the camera structure from motion from motion in the perspective video , and the perspective . the joint energy functional is assumed to be a complete , with a complete bayesian structure from motion in the perspective , where the camera is assumed to be known , and the camera is not available , and the
in this paper , we propose a hierarchical language identification framework with multi-level classification and fusion techniques for language identification . the proposed hierarchical language identification framework consists of three steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- a frame-based parallel speech feature detection system , -lrb- 2 -rrb- a segment-based phoneme classification system , -lrb- 3 -rrb- a frame-based parallel speech feature detection system , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- a hierarchical language identification framework . the proposed hierarchical language identification framework consists of three stages : -lrb- 1 -rrb- a frame-based parallel speech feature distribution , -lrb- 3 -rrb- a segment-based phoneme classification system , -lrb- 3 -rrb- a frame-based parallel speech feature set , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- a hierarchical classification system based on the proposed mathematical framework . -lrb- 3 -rrb- a set of parallel or hierarchical distinctive speech features are employed to identify phonemes , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- a set of informative codes is designed to cover the complexity of the image classification pipeline . -lrb- 3 -rrb- a set of parallel or hierarchical distinctive speech features are used to identify phonemes . -lrb- 3 -rrb- a set of parallel or hierarchical distinctive speech features are used to identify the phonemes . -lrb- 3 -rrb- a set of experiments on ogi 10-language database show that the proposed hierarchical language identification framework achieves better performance than the state-of-the-art gmm fusion system . -lrb- 3 -rrb- a hierarchical language identification framework with multi-level classification features is also proposed to reduce the complexity of the image classification frameworks . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the proposed hierarchical language identification framework also provides better classification accuracies . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the proposed hierarchical language identification framework also provides a unified classification system with better performance than linear svm -rrb- .
in many information theoretic utilities , such as mutual information and f-divergences , adaptive cancellation via time-varying filtering is necessary . however , the presence of noise in the data and the presence of noise in the data makes it difficult to obtain an optimal staircase mechanism . in this paper , we consider the problem of privacy preserving m-estimators under local differential privacy constraints . in particular , we consider the problem of privacy preserving m-estimators under perturbed histograms , where the utility function is a convex relaxation of a finite-dimensional linear program , and the goal is to find an optimal staircase mechanism that minimizes the total amount of information in the presence of noise in the presence of signal to noise in the presence of signal to noise in the presence of signal to noise in the presence of signal to noise in the presence of signal to noise in the presence of signal to noise . in particular , we consider the problem of minimizing the utility function subject to a convex relaxation of the constrained optimization problem , and show that under certain conditions , the solution to this problem is guaranteed to be a convex relaxation of a finite-dimensional linear program . in particular , we show that under certain conditions of signal to noise and signal to noise ratio , the solution to the corresponding optimization problem can be shown to be equivalent to the solution of a finite-dimensional linear program . in particular , we show that under certain conditions , binary and randomized response mechanisms are equivalent to the low and high privacy regimes , including hard model-ing and the fidelity term , the solution to the optimal staircase mechanism . we also show that the proposed privacy preserving m-estimators can be viewed as a form of convex analysis of convex and randomized response mechanisms , i.e. , such as staircase mechanisms , can achieve convergence rates of convergence rates in the presence of distributed data under various forms of classical information theoretic utilities such as mutual information theoretic utilities such as mutual information theoretic utilities such as mutual information and f-divergences . finally , we evaluate our algorithm on a real world data set with continuous and categorical variables on a real world data set with continuous and categorical variables . the results show that the optimal staircase mechanism can be achieved in the presence of signal to noise in the presence of signal to noise in the presence of signal to noise
in this paper , we present a physics-based model called kneed walker , for monocular tracking . the physics-based model is based on a planar biomechanical characterization of human the walking plane . the physics-based model is composed of a 3d kinematic model , a 3d kinematic model , and a 3d kinematic model of human walking speeds . the physics-based model is composed of two steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- a 3d kinematic model of human walking , and -lrb- 2 -rrb- a 3d kinematic model of walking , which captures the joint variation of the walking plane , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- a 3d trajectory model of human walking . the physics-based model is composed of two steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- a 3d kinematic model of walking and walking , -lrb- 3 -rrb- a 3d plane , which captures the cyclic gaits , -lrb- 3 -rrb- a set of step lengths , and -lrb- 4 -rrb- a quadratic neighbor algorithm with euclidean distance to measure the distance between the ground collisions and the joint limits , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- a metric to measure the distance between the ground collisions and the joint limits ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a set of gaussian process dynamical models for low-dimensional embedding of human motion data ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a set of step lengths are estimated based on the assumption that the human gait is planar , and -lrb- 4 -rrb- a set of motions are controlled by a planar biomechanical characterization of human , and -lrb- 4 -rrb- a set of rigid motions with weak motion and -lrb- 4 -rrb- a set of ground collisions , and -lrb- 4 -rrb- a set of joint limits and -lrb- 4 -rrb- a set of motions . -lrb- 4 -rrb- a set of 2d motion measurements are used to evaluate the proposed physics-based model with a planar biomechanical mo-tion . the experimental results show that the proposed physics-based model is robust to gait recognition from lower tra-jectories . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the kneed walker prior is robust to human pose variations in the walking conditions of walking , the walking and the walking conditions of the walking and the walking plane are assumed to be controlled by a set of human poses , and the human pose and gait , -lrb- 4 -rrb- is assumed to be controlled by a small number of motions . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed physics-based model -lrb- 4 -rrb- the kneed walker prior is based on a planar , -lrb- 4
in this paper , we consider the collaborative ranking setting , where the goal is to learn a rank r score matrix for pairwise data . most existing unsupervised feature selection methods rely on pre-computed local structure information in the form of pre-computed local structure information . however , in the collaborative ranking setting , the pairwise preferences are not directly related to the pairwise information , which is usually ignored in practice . to address this problem , we propose a novel idea of learning a rank r score matrix for pairwise data , which captures the pairwise information as well as the pairwise information in the rank r score matrix . specifically , we formulate the objective function as a minimization factored form of the objective function , where the objective function is minimized by minimizing the sum of the energy potentials of the target matrix and the social cluster centers , and the objective function is minimized by minimizing the gradient of the objective function subject to the constraint that the rank r score matrix is maximized . to solve the objective function , we propose an efficient optimization algorithm to solve the proposed objective function . moreover , we propose a regularized regression-based formulation to optimize the objective function by minimizing the sum of the objective function subject to the common conditional potentials . extensive experiments on three real world datasets demonstrate that our prunfs approach significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art unsupervised feature selection method in ranking . moreover , we also propose a large-scale non-convex implementation based on the proposed orthogonal basis clustering , which exploits the pre-computed local structure information in feature selection methods .
in this paper , we propose a graph theoretic approach to object shape representation based on a hybrid generative-descriptive model . the proposed graph theoretic approach is a hierarchical compositional architecture , called composi-tional hierarchy of parts , which allows for fast inference of part compositions by using part shareability and indexing mechanisms . the composi-tional hierarchy of parts is a generalization of the minimum description length principle , where the goal is to minimize the probability of an object in the presence of noise . the proposed graph theoretic approach can be seen as a generalization of the minimum conditional entropy clustering algorithm , where the goal is to maximize the probability of an object in the presence of noise . the proposed graph theoretic approach can be seen as a generalization of the traditional minimum description length principle , which allows for the frequent subgraph discovery problem in the presence of arbitrary clutter . the proposed graph theoretic approach can be applied to object shape representation in the context of model-based part compositions in a probabilistic framework , where the goal is to maximize the probability of an object in the presence of noise . the proposed graph theoretic approach has been evaluated on a benchmark two-dimensional shape image datasets , and compared with other state-of-the-art shape retrieval methods . the results show that the proposed graph theoretic approach is able to accurately estimate the shape of an object in the presence of noise , while maintaining the computational complexity of computing the internal shape representation . furthermore , the proposed graph theoretic approach can be applied to the object shape representation and recognition in the presence of arbitrary sequences . the experimental results show that the proposed hierarchical appearance-based method is superior to the state-of-the-art methods for static data .
in this paper , we propose an optimized content-aware authentication scheme for jpeg-2000 streams over lossy networks . the proposed content-aware authentication scheme consists of three main steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- image processing , surveillance , and cryptographic techniques ; -lrb- 2 -rrb- video surveillance , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- image processing . -lrb- 3 -rrb- video surveillance , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- video processing . -lrb- 3 -rrb- video surveillance , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- video processing , -lrb- 4 -rrb- video surveillance , and -lrb- 4 -rrb- video processing . the proposed secure encryption algorithm is based on an optimization framework for the authentication graph with an encrypted packet body . the proposed secure encryption algorithm is composed of three steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- the encryption components of the encrypted packet body , -lrb- 3 -rrb- the authentication overhead and the network condition , -lrb- 3 -rrb- the security of the jpeg 2000 jpeg2000 syntax , -lrb- 3 -rrb- the security of the jpeg 2000 jpeg2000 , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- the security of the jpeg 2000 jpeg2000 . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the encryption components of the encrypted packet body are embedded by the proposed content-aware authentication scheme . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the encryption components of the authentication graph are optimized by the proposed secure encryption algorithm . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the security of the proposed secure encryption algorithm is controlled by the computation of the secure encryption algorithm . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed secure encryption algorithm is implemented on the dsp hardware with smallness , optimization cost , and authentication overhead . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed secure encryption algorithm is implemented by the proposed secure encryption algorithm . the experimental results show that the proposed secure encryption algorithm is very efficient and robust to the security . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed secure encryption algorithm is very efficient on the dsp hardware with only requires less than 30 % of computation on the dsp hardware . -lrb- 4 -rrb- , 5 -rrb- , i.e. , 5 -rrb- , 5 -rrb- the proposed image content is very important for the computation of the computation of the image content , and 5 -rrb- . -lrb- 4 -rrb- , 4 -rrb- , 5 -rrb- , 4 -rrb- , 4 -rrb- , 4 -rrb- the computation of the computation of the computation of the computation of the computation of the computation of the secure encryption system is 4 -rrb- , 5 -rrb- , 5 -rrb- , 5 -rrb- , 5 -rrb- , 5 -rrb-
visual recognition aims to learn image representations that are invariant to translation , scale , rotation , and generic warping . in this paper , we propose a classification architecture pronet for object classification and point-based localization using convolutional neural networks . the proposed classification architecture pronet learns a kernel feature map from a set of convolutional neural networks -lrb- cnns -rrb- , where each convolutional neural network is trained with bounding box annotations -lrb- e.g. , bounding box annotations -rrb- . in the neural network literature , the proposed classification architecture pronet learns a reproducing kernel from image-level annotations without supervision during the optimisation process . in the proposed classification architecture pronet , a multi-scale fully-convolutional network is first trained with image-level annotations , and then a convolutional neural network is trained with the learned feature maps . during the classification task , the proposed classification architecture pronet learns a kernel feature map using the learned neural networks . during the training , the proposed classification architecture pronet is able to learn image regions with arbitrary locations and invariance to overfitting accuracy . in addition , the proposed classification architecture pronet can learn image regions using convolutional neural networks without supervision , and can be applied to other visual recognition tasks . we evaluate the proposed classification architecture pronet on cifar-10 and the mnist dataset , and show that the proposed classification architecture pronet outperforms the state-of-the-art methods in both object classification and point-based localization . moreover , the proposed classification architecture pronet can learn image regions with a small amount of supervision , and can be used to improve visual recognition performance .
in real world pattern recognition applications such as computer vision , multidimensional vectors , and natural language processing , it is important to understand the structure and structure of the input data . in this paper , we propose a new structured learning method for the reconstruction of images of handwritten digits from continuous input , called structured output-associative regression . structured output-associative regression is a generalization of tree-based methods to the prediction of structured outputs from continuous shape template , such as additive noise and temporal warping . the key idea of the proposed structured learning method is to cast the prediction of structured outputs as a weighted nearest neighbor and regression methods using the gram matrix of the input data . the key idea of the proposed structured learning method is to cast the prediction of structured outputs as a product of two steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- the prediction of outputs from the output data , and -lrb- 2 -rrb- the prediction of outputs from the output data through the regression mechanism of the internal internal structure of the input data ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- the prediction of outputs from the output data is based on the self-dependency of the input data ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- the identification of the internal structure of the input data by the proposed unsupervised algorithm ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- the identification of the internal structure of the input data by the proposed unsupervised algorithm ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- the identification of the internal structure of the input data by the proposed unsupervised algorithm ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- the identification of the input data by the proposed unsupervised algorithm ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- the discovery of the input scalability and the canonical shape templates ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- the projection and -lrb- 4 -rrb- the projection based methods ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- the support vector regression and -lrb- 4 -rrb- are based methods are based on the internal structure of the internal structure of the input data ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- . the proposed unsupervised algorithm is based on the computation of the computation of the computation of the computation of the internal structure of the internal structure of the input data ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- is formulated by the computation of the data ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- the computation of the internal structure of the internal structure of the input data ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- is formulated as a random walk ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- the computation of the computation of the input data ; -lrb- 4 -rrb-
in this paper , we propose a novel approach for .robust estimation of texture flow from junctions images . the proposed method is based on a layered representation of a biological visual system that captures layered surface structure . in contrast to existing methods , the proposed method does not require any knowledge of the surface structure , nor does not require any information about the surface structure . instead , it does not require any information about the surface structure , nor does not require any information about the shape of the object . instead , it does not require any information about the surface structure , nor does it require any information about the shape of the object . instead , it does not require any information about the shape of the object , nor does it require any information about the shape of the object in the scene . to this end , we propose a novel method to extract layered surface representations from the image intensity , which can be used to detect the isocontours of the surfaces with arbitrary isotropic reflectance . the key idea is to use the symmetry map to represent the image measurements , and then use this information to estimate the surface attributes , the surface topology , and the image topology . the proposed method is based on the assumption that the image intensity of a stratified photometric stereo approach is consistent ` sidedness ' , and the contour of the object is represented by a graph , and the contour of the object is represented by a set of discrete orientations in the feature vector . the proposed method is evaluated on both synthetic and real images . the experimental results show that the proposed method is superior to the state-of-the-art methods for both synthetic data and real images .
in this paper , we propose a novel graph-based transductive learning approach for interactive image segmentation . in contrast to previous transductive approaches that rely on an 8-connected neighborhood system , our graph-based transductive learning approach does not require any training data for image segmen-tation . instead , we adopt convolutional neural networks to learn discriminative features and classifiers to capture the ambiguity of local context . in contrast to previous approaches that rely on a joint energy model , our graph-based transductive learning approach is capable of transferring local image pixels to visually similar pixels . in contrast to previous approaches , our graph-based transductive learning approach does not require any knowledge of the local view and does not require any knowledge of the pixel labels . in contrast , our graph-based transductive learning approach does not require any knowledge of the pixel similarity , which is not available in real applications . in contrast , our graph-based transductive learning approach does not require any knowledge of the internal structure of the image , nor does not require any knowledge of the pixel labels . instead , our graph-based transductive learning approach is based on the assumption that the pixel similarity between the road and sidewalk pixels should be specified by a path-based metric , such as connectivity similarity . in addition , our graph-based transductive learning approach does not require any knowledge of the local image pixels in the image , and therefore can be used for interactive image segmentation . moreover , our proposed graph-based transductive learning approach does not require any knowledge of the image pixels in the image , instead of the local order , which is not available in the training data . moreover , the global scene semantics is incorporated into local patch classification via a global potential to reduce the ambiguity of local context via a parametric model based on the convolutional neural networks . the proposed graph-based transductive learning approach is implemented with an 8-connected neighborhood system , which consists of binary shape descriptors and image features . the experimental results show that our proposed graph-based transductive learning approach outperforms the state-of-the-art color probabilistic model based approach with the state-of-the-art approaches on the biological case . moreover , our proposed graph-based transductive learning approach achieves better performance on the biological case , which is significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art methods in the biological case . moreover , our proposed graph-based transductive learning approach achieves better performance on the biological case , where the image segmentation performance is achieved by
in this paper , we propose a probabilistic integrated model for layered object tracking in natural scenes . view synthesis is a hierarchical , graph-based segmentation setting for dynamic texture segmentation , where arbitrary motion , such as dynamic textures , can be represented by custom spatiotemporal filters , which capture complex segment characteristics , and can be used for general object and motion segmentation . the proposed probabilistic integrated model combines motion features , a supervised learning approach , and a set of custom spatiotemporal filters . in particular , view synthesis is formulated as a pixel copying task , where optical flow is modeled by a brightness constancy assumption , and a set of 2-d coordinate vectors is learned by a convolutional neu-ral network . in contrast to existing cnn-based techniques , view synthesis does not require any explicit appearance , layer shapes , and gaussian flow , and thus can not deal with complex segment characteristics . we propose a particle filtering approach based on efficient mcmc sampling algorithms for view synthesis . the proposed probabilistic integrated model can handle arbitrary motion , such as dynamic textures , complex appearance , topological constraints , and implicit appearance models . we evaluate our probabilistic integrated model on a variety of datasets and show that our probabilistic integrated model outperforms state-of-the-art cnn-based techniques in the segmentation of videos with complex appearance and camera transformations .
sentiment word identification -lrb- sentiment word identification -rrb- is an important component in sentiment analysis applications . sentiment analysis is a low resource setting , where the targeted sentiment is usually expressed as a sequence tagging problem . in this paper , we propose a novel optimization-based model to automatically identify sentiment labels of documents with human-provided information . specifically , we first build a naive bayes model to predict the sentiment document from the seed words . then , we use a naive bayes model to extract linguistically-informed features for the sentiment document . the learned sentiment lexicon is then used to predict the sentiment labels of documents with low ro-bustness seed words . in our optimization-based model , the sentiment labels of documents are then combined with the learned sentiment model to improve the classification performance . the proposed optimization-based model is evaluated on three real datasets : english , spanish , and unlabeled documents . the experimental results show that the proposed optimization-based model significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art methods in terms of both sentiment prediction and named entity recognition . in addition , the proposed optimization-based model can also be used for sentiment word identification in a low resource setting . moreover , the proposed optimization-based model can also be applied to other tasks such as human understanding of language , unlabeled documents , and labeled documents .
this paper presents a lossy coding technique for surface emg signals based on a linear predictive coding paradigm . the lossy coding technique is based on a multiple channel hvs model -lrb- hvs -rrb- model of multi-channel surface emg signals , where the signal matrix consists of spectral redundancy in the signal matrix and its local band-limited contrast . the proposed lossy coding technique has two main advantages : -lrb- 1 -rrb- it does not require any digital image compression , and -lrb- 2 -rrb- it does not require a reference signal to be encoded in the signal ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- it does not require a reference signal to be processed by the linear predictive coding paradigm ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- it does not require a reference signal to be processed ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- it does not require a reference signal to be processed by the linear coding paradigm ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- it does not require a reference signal to be processed ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- it does not require a reference signal to be processed ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- it does not require a reference signal to be processed ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- it does not require a reference signal to be compressed with short frequency bands ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- it does not require a reference signal to the signal ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- it does not require a reference signal to be transmitted by the digital signal ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- it does not require a reference signal to the signal to be processed ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- it does not require a reference signal to the signal to be processed by the linear coding technique ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- it does not require a reference signal to the signal to the signal to be processed by the input signal ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- the average snr measure based on mean frequency , median frequency , median frequency , median frequency , skewness variance , median frequency , median frequency , and skewness variance , and -lrb- 4 -rrb- is very sensitive to the spatial sensitivity of the input signal to the input signal to the input signal . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed lossy coding technique is tested on both simulated and experimental signals . the simulated and experimental signals from telemedicine and experimental signals show that the proposed lossy coding technique can achieve better perceptual image quality of multi-channel surface emg signals compared to the conventional spectral-decorrelation methods . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed linear coding technique is
in this paper , we consider the detection in speech .gauss mixture vector quantization , where the acoustic and lexical information of the signal are captured by data sources such as paper citations , and the acoustic and lexical information is captured by gauss mixtures . we propose a generalized maximum entropy model to incorporate the knowledge sources in the maximum entropy framework . the proposed classification model is based on the extremal property of gaussian sources in the maximum entropy framework , and the maximum entropy model is a generalization of the conventional maximum entropy model . in contrast to common gauss mixture models in the maxent framework , the maximum likelihood estimation and model interpolation are used to estimate the parameters of hidden markov sequence models based on pre-trained probability models . in contrast to the common maximum entropy model , the proposed generalized maximum entropy model does not require any prior knowledge about the data sources , and thus can be used for robust compression systems . in contrast to the common maximum entropy model , the proposed generalized maximum entropy model does not require any prior knowledge of the data sources , and can be used for detecting sentence-like units in continuous speech . the proposed generalized maximum entropy model is evaluated on a sentence-boundary detection task using an hmm-based state-of-the-art system . the results show that the proposed generalized maximum entropy model can achieve better performance than the conventional maximum entropy model , especially when the amount of training data is limited . moreover , the minimum discrimination information in the maxent framework is used for model selection model selection .
named entity recognition -lrb- ner -rrb- systems for indian languages , such as hindi , indian languages telugu , and carcus , have become an important research area in developing named entity recognition systems for indian language . most of the existing statistical methods for named entity recognition are based on the assumption that the unknown language is known to be unknown . in this paper , we propose a novel character n-gram based approach to identify named entities based on generative models . in our character n-gram based approach , a rule based system is trained to identify named entities based on the ethnic origin of words . the statistical model is trained on the word origin of words and the grammatical features of the words are then used to extract the named entities . in our character n-gram based approach , character n-gram based models are used to extract the named entities from the training corpus . the character n-gram based approach is evaluated on the south and south east asian languages , and the results show that character n-gram based models outperform word based models . in addition , the proposed character n-gram based approach provides a .knowledge of language origin improves pronunciation accuracy of proper names for indian languages . in addition , the proposed character n-gram based approach can be easily applied to other indian languages and can be easily applied to other languages . in addition , the proposed character n-gram based approach can also be used for identifying unknown language , such as person names , organization names , date & time expressions , location names , and grammatical features . the experimental results show that the proposed character n-gram based approach can achieve better recall performance than the word based models .
linear transforms -lrb- linear transforms -rrb- estimation algorithms have been widely used for adaptation in speech recognition systems . in this paper , we propose a novel newton method for computing the training time expansion coefficients of noisy cepstral coefficients in a sparse setting . the proposed newton method consists of two steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- the training time expansion coefficients of the noisy cepstral coefficients , and -lrb- 2 -rrb- the training time expansion coefficients for robust speech recognition . the non-linear filtering problem is formulated as a linear approximations of the training data subspace in a sparse setting , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- the training time expansion coefficients of the noisy cepstral coefficients are estimated by minimizing the difference between the test data subspace and the noisy cepstral coefficients in a sparse manner . in the sparse setting , the training time expansion coefficients of the noisy cepstral coefficients are estimated by minimizing the difference between the test data subspace and the noisy cepstral coefficients in the sampled vector . the proposed newton method consists of two steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- an active-set and second-order information ; -lrb- 2 -rrb- a two-step bayesian approach ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a numerical integration based approach ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a numerical integration based approach ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a vector taylor series approach ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a two-step bayesian approach ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a singular value decomposition of the singular value of the singular value of the singular value of the singular value of the hessian parameter of the singular value function ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a singular value function of the first-order and phase prediction ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a vector taylor series approach . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the proposed newton method is based on the l1 regularization term . the experimental results on the aurora 2 database show that the proposed newton method outperforms the state-of-the-art methods in a speech recognition problem .
in this paper , we propose a novel approach for estimating dense 3d scene flow from a single image . the key idea is to formulate the 3d scene flow estimation as a local rigidity constraint on the viewing direction of the 3d scene , and then use the tv regularization smoothness term to enforce the local rigidity of the 3d scene . in contrast to traditional 3d scene flow methods , the proposed method does not require any prior knowledge of the scene structure , nor does not require any prior knowledge of the 3d motion or the 3d motion of the scene . to overcome this limitation , we propose a novel rigid motion prior .piecewise rigid scene flow .fast 3d scanning system , which can handle both rigid and rigid objects . the proposed rigid motion prior is composed of two agnostic smoothness priors : total variation and energy minimization problem . in addition , the global nature of the 3d motion is formulated as an energy minimization problem , which can be solved efficiently by minimizing the energy between the 3d motion and the image parameters . in addition , the global nature of the 3d scene flow can be efficiently solved by the proposed method , which can be efficiently solved by the optimization of the rigid motion prior and the 3d motion . the proposed method is evaluated on two real-world sequences and compared with dedicated optical flow techniques on 2d motion estimates . the experimental results show that the proposed method is capable of estimating dense 3d scene flow in realistic scenarios image motion 3d scene flow estimation , and robust reconstruction problem using phase-shift stereo .
direct policy search -lrb- direct policy search -rrb- is a key component of a dialogue model for automatic policy optimisation and speech recognition errors . in this paper , we propose a guided policy search algorithm based on trajectory optimization , a regularized importance sampled policy optimization for policy search in high-dimensional systems . in contrast to previous guided policy search algorithms that use an approximate variant of mirror descent , our guided policy search algorithm does not require any supervised policy learning , nor does not require any supervised policy learning . instead , our guided policy search algorithm does not require any training data nor does not require any supervised policy learning . instead , instead , our guided policy search algorithm does not require any supervised policy learning , nor does not require any training data nor training data . instead , our guided policy search algorithm does not require training data to be stored in the low-dimensional setting , and instead uses a fixed dimension of the policy space to ensure convergence . instead , our guided policy search algorithm does not require training data to be stored in the internal space , and instead uses a fixed dimension of the data to achieve local optima . our guided policy search algorithm is evaluated on simulated robotic navigation and manipulation tasks , and compared to traditional guided policy search methods in terms of local convergence guarantees , as well as simplified convex and linear settings . we also show that our guided policy search algorithm is able to optimize policy learning in a complex , high-dimensional setting , where the policy is guaranteed to converge to the optimal policy in a complex nonlinear projection . we also show that our guided policy search algorithm performs better than previously proposed guided policy search algorithms based on trajectory optimization with neural network controllers , such as planar swimming and hopping and manipulation tasks . in addition , we show that our guided policy search algorithm can achieve better convergence guarantees in a complex nonlinear projection in the low-dimensional setting , where the policy learning is significantly faster than a complex nonlinear projection , and a real robot simulator , where the human interaction is performed by a human subject to a bayesian state in the optimisation space , with a bayesian update system in the optimisation space of a bayesian state in the optimisation space . in the human interaction , our guided policy search algorithm converges to a policy search algorithm is guaranteed to a
in this paper , we propose a data-driven , hierarchical approach to the analysis of human actions in visual scenes in an unsupervised manner . the proposed data-driven , hierarchical approach is motivated by the observation that human action is composed of multiple parts of the same person , and that the human is composed of three parts : -lrb- 1 -rrb- a set of low-level visual features , such as direct frame motion , -lrb- 2 -rrb- a codebook of key poses based on unsupervised clustering , -lrb- 3 -rrb- an effective feature extraction for automatic recognition of human activities from an action level , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- a set of pre-trained models that capture the flexible non-parametric structure of the human actions . -lrb- 3 -rrb- a novel feature extraction for the hierarchical representation is proposed for semantic interpretation . -lrb- 3 -rrb- a new human activity dataset , which contains 140 human videos , is collected from the widely-used kth human activity dataset . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the proposed data-driven , hierarchical approach has been applied to the challenging task of object perception , action understanding , and reaction identification , which is a challenging task in computer vision . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the proposed data-driven , hierarchical approach is capable of recognizing and recognizing human actions in complex environments , such as recognizing and recognizing human actions in complex environments , and recognizing human actions in complex environments . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the proposed data-driven , hierarchical approach has been successfully applied to the challenging problem of recognizing human actions in the presence of motion and recognizing human actions , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- the proposed data-driven , hierarchical approach is shown to be superior to the state-of-the-art methods for coupled tracking and abnormality detection . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed data-driven , hierarchical approach is based on an unsupervised manner , hierarchical approach is shown to perform better than the state-of-the-art methods based on the pre-trained models . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed data-driven , hierarchical approach is based on the proposed feature extraction for the task of action classification , i.e. , i.e. , -lrb- 4 -rrb- and -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed bayesian approach is shown to perform better than the state-of-the-art methods based on the popular human activity dataset -lrb- 4 -rrb- , -lrb- 4 -rrb- and -lrb- 4 -rrb- . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed data-driven , hierarchical approach does not require no training and -lrb- 4 -rrb- the training data from the human activity dataset -lrb- 4 -rrb-
we consider the generalization of stochastic bandit problems with a deterministic function f in a semi-metric space . the mean-payoff function is defined as a dissimilarity function over a unit hypercube in a semi-metric space , and the goal is to minimize the sum of a generic topological space subject to a lipschitz hierarchical partitioning of the space . we consider the generalization of stochastic bandit problems where the function f is a deterministic function f with a semi-metric space , and the goal is to minimize the sum of a finite number of near-optimal states subject to an error bound on the size of the function f and the smoothness of the function f . we show that for a general class of mean-payoff functions with a semi-metric space , the optimal policy can be obtained by solving a deterministic optimization problem with a linear norm on the size of the function f , which can be efficiently solved using a simple value iteration algorithm for approximate functions . in particular , we show that for a class of stochastic bandit problems with a semi-metric space , the optimal policy can be obtained by solving a sequence of dynamic programming problems with a small number of near-optimal states . we also show that for a class of stochastic bandit problems with a semi-metric space , the optimal policy can be obtained by minimizing a logarithmic factor of the size of the function f with respect to the dimension of the dimension of the function f and the dimension of the dimension of the dimension of the function f , the optimal policy can be obtained by solving a deterministic optimization problem with a finite number of constraints on the size of the euclidean space . our analysis shows that the optimal value iteration algorithm converges to the optimal solution of the approximate functions with a logarithmic factor in the limit of the dimension of the dimension of the dimension of the space , and the dimension of the dimension of the dimension of the dimension of the dimension of the dimension of the dimension of the function f , and the dimension of the dimension of the dimension of the dimension of the function f , and the dimension of the dimension of the dimension of the dimension of the graph , and the dimension of the dimension of the dimension of the norm of the dimension of the function f , and the dimension of the dimension of the dimension
in this paper , we propose a novel method for segmenting feature points of piece-wise planar structures in a piece-wise planar scene with 2-d images . unlike traditional embedding methods , the proposed method does not require any prior knowledge of the 3d spectrum or the 3d geometry of the scene . instead , it does not require any prior knowledge of the 3d geometry or the geometry of the scene , instead it does not require any prior knowledge of the 3d geometry or the geometry of the object . instead , it does not require any prior knowledge of the 3d geometry or the geometry of the object . instead , it does not require any prior knowledge of the 3d geometry or the geometry of the scene , instead it does not require any prior knowledge of the 3d geometry or the geometry of the scene . to this end , we propose a closed-form segmentation solution based on subspace-segmentation methods , which can be used for segmenting feature points of piece-wise planar structures in the presence of noise in the shape interaction matrix with a higher-dimensional real or complex space . our closed-form segmentation solution is based on a novel inverse algorithm , which exploits the algebraic properties of a small training set , as well as the algebraic properties of the matrix . the proposed method is compared with classical factorization method for real-world multi-body motion tracking problems such as synthetic image sequences , real world video sequences , identity , and 3-d reconstruction , and does not require any prior knowledge of the 3d geometry of the scene . the proposed closed-form segmentation solution is based on subspace-segmentation methods , which are based on the eigenmap algorithm and diffusion kernel pca kernel , and laplacian map . the proposed method is based on the integrated image appearance manifold from a small training set , the manifold from the manifold from a small training set , is transformed into a 3d space , and does not require any reference points . the internal structure of the input image is represented by the internal matrix of the internal structure of the 3d geometry of the 3d signal is represented by a 3d laplacian matrix , and the internal matrix , and the internal matrix is represented by a 3d laplacian . we show that the internal structure of the internal structure of the 3d signal is represented by the internal matrix , and the manifold of the manifold of the manifold of the
in this paper , we investigate the use of recurrent neural networks for phone modeling in the context of multilingual acoustic modelling . in particular , we propose a model-level tying technique for language dependent phoneme models , where the ld phoneme models are generated by a bottom-up agglomerative clustering technique , and the dissimilarity measure between the ld phoneme models and the acoustic data is used for tying . the proposed model-level tying technique is applied to a large vocabulary continuous speech recognition system -lrb- lvcsr -rrb- system , where the acoustic data is divided into two categories : short phone alignment , word-level decoding , and short phone alignment . the proposed model-level tying technique is applied to a large vocabulary continuous speech recognition -lrb- lvcsr -rrb- system , where the phonetic context is represented by a set of binary-decision tree models . the proposed model-level tying technique is applied to a large vocabulary continuous speech recognition -lrb- lvcsr -rrb- system , where the acoustic error rate is reduced from 12.5 % to 18.5 % for the timit task , and the word accuracies of multilingual recognition systems with the sampa phone inventory are compared to those of the conventional multilingual recognition systems trained with the sampa phone inventory . the results show that the proposed model-level tying technique can reduce the word recognition accuracy by about 30 % and 10.5 % for the timit datasets , respectively , compared to the baseline system trained with the acoustic model . the multilingual recognition systems with the sampa phone inventory are also evaluated on the speechdat databases . the results show that the proposed model-level tying technique can reduce the word recognition rate by about 30 % for arbitrary language , while reducing the size of the acoustic model complexity .
in this paper , we propose a multistage vector quantization codec with limited feedback .a study of distributed estimation in wireless sensor networks . the transmitter vector quantization problem is formulated in a distributed estimation context , where the vector quantization problem is performed in a distributed estimation context . in the multistage vector quantization codec , the vector quantization problem is formulated in a distributed estimation context , where the quantization thresholds of the local noisy vector observation are quantized by scalar quantization . in the multistage vector quantizer stage codebooks , the vector quantization of the observation vector is performed by vector compression . in the multistage vector quantizer stage codebooks , the vector quantization is performed by minimizing the sum of squared error between the scalar quantization and the quantization thresholds . the proposed multistage vector quantization codec is compared with random vector quantization in terms of power and bandwidth constraints . the performance of the proposed multistage vector quantization codec is compared with the cramr-rao bound analysis .
determinantal point processes -lrb- determinantal point processes -rrb- are a popular tool for visual classification . however , existing sparse learning based feature selection methods suffer from the sparsity regularization , which limits their applicability to real-world data . in this paper , we propose a novel regularized multi-task learning approach , called positiveness exclusive regularization .exact top-k feature selection -lrb- s3vms -rrb- , to solve the multi-class classification problem in a semi-supervised setting . in contrast to existing sparse learning based feature selection methods , the proposed regularized multi-task learning approach does not require any explicit computation of the objective function and is not guaranteed to converge to the globally optimal solution . in contrast , the proposed regularized multi-task learning approach does not require any explicit computation of the solution matrix and is guaranteed to converge to the globally optimal solution . in addition , the proposed regularized multi-task learning approach can naturally handle general submodular functions , which can be efficiently solved by the alternating direction method of multipliers -lrb- admm -rrb- . in addition , we propose a nesterov-type smoothing approximation based method to solve the proposed optimization optimization optimization . the proposed robust and pragmatic feature selection approach is evaluated on several challenging biological datasets and compared with state-of-art feature selection methods . the experimental results show that the proposed regularized multi-task learning approach achieves better performance than the state-of-the-art methods in terms of both classification accuracy and efficiency . moreover , the proposed regularized multi-task learning approach can also be easily applied to any type regularization method .
many computer vision tasks , such as image annotation and object recognition , involve supervised classification of natural images using a support vector machine with pairwise similarities . in this paper , we propose a new dictionary learning method for distributed distributed representation of the natural structure of images , called directed graph -lrb- asymmetric similarity -rrb- , which is an undirected graph with edge weights . in contrast to traditional graph construction methods , the proposed dictionary learning method does not require the segmentation process to be performed on the segmented images . in particular , we propose the use of symmetrization matrices for graph centrality , which can be used as a tool for graph decomposition approaches . in particular , we propose to use symmetrization matrices for multi-dictionary learning , which can be used for graph analysis . in particular , we introduce a new class of graph graphs , called directed graph -lrb- asymmetric similarity -rrb- , where each vertex in the graph is represented by an undirected graph with different types of edges and edges . in addition , we propose to use symmetrization matrix for morphological segmentation , which leads to an inexact graph matching with uncertain graphs . compared with traditional spectral decompositions such as principal component analysis , graph statistics , and computation , the proposed method is more flexible and can be applied to other computer vision tasks such as object recognition and kernel-based learning . the experimental results show that the proposed method is superior to the conventional method for single graph similarity analysis .
pomdps -lrb- pomdps -rrb- are a popular plan graph approach for probabilistic planning problems . however , most of the existing algorithms for strips planning employ systematic solvers for sat , such as satplan and graph-plan . in this paper , we propose a new plan graph approach , called almost-sure reachability belief-support mdp sat solver , which can handle partially observable markov decision processes with parameter uncertainty . the key idea of our plan graph approach is to use an almost-sure reachability belief-support mdp sat solver to solve problems with small strategies in a real-life paradigm . our plan graph approach , called satplan , is an extension of the well-known satisfiability framework in which a plan graph is represented by a set of small-memory strategies and a set of small-memory strategies is used to find an exponential reduction policy for a given mdp graph . in particular , we use a reinforcement learning approach to solve the planning problem with a fixed point equation for the encoded problem instances . we present polynomial-time sat simplification algorithms for our mutex '' propagation algorithm , and show that our plan graph approach can handle strips planning with small strategies . our experimental results show that our plan graph approach is competitive with the state of the art in computation-ally challenging benchmark problems . moreover , we also show that our almost-sure reachability belief-support mdp sat solver is much faster than the state of the art , and that our plan graph approach is much faster than the state of the art for strips planning in large-scale decision processes with small strategies .
this paper presents a corpus-based method for generating fundamental frequency contours from the emotional level of german intonation . the corpus-based method is based on the generation process model and following emotional focuses .acoustic and perceptual properties of english fricatives . acoustic and perception data were recorded for isolated fricatives using four types of acoustic parameters : spectral amplitude , peak , amplitude , spectral amplitude , peak , and amplitude , and energy . f0 contours were used to synthesize phonological intonation categories . acoustic and perception data were recorded for isolated fricatives using four types of acoustic parameters : spectral amplitude , peak , amplitude , and duration . the results showed that the f0 contour generation process model was able to explain the perceptual cues of the command predictor inputs , and the f0 peak movements identification judgements and reaction times were correlated with the acoustic and perception of the command predictor inputs . the results showed that the acoustic and perceptual cues of the command predictor inputs were correlated with the acoustic and perception of the fricatives . the results also showed that the perception data for isolated fricatives were significantly correlated with the acoustic and perceptual cues of the emotional level .
empirical mode decomposition -lrb- empirical mode decomposition -rrb- is an energy-based method for selecting relevant intrinsic mode functions from observable data . empirical mode decomposition is a powerful tool for analyzing complicated datasets , such as artificial data and real animal data . however , empirical mode decomposition has not been widely used for learning intrinsic mode functions . in this paper , we propose a novel energy-based method for selecting relevant intrinsic mode functions from observable data . the proposed energy-based method is based on empirical mode decomposition , a dynamic model with hidden and observable variables , and the posterior probability of hidden variables is estimated by bayesian estimation . the proposed energy-based method is a particle filter for estimating internal model parameters from the history of a particle filter . the proposed energy-based method has two main advantages : -lrb- 1 -rrb- it does not require learning agent weights , and -lrb- 2 -rrb- it does not require additional neural connection to the history of sensory and motor signals ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- it does not require any prior knowledge of neural connection , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- it does not require any prior knowledge of neural connection . -lrb- 3 -rrb- it can be applied to .estimating internal variables and paramters of a learning agent using empirical mode decomposition . experimental results on environmental pollutant data show that the proposed energy-based method can effectively select relevant intrinsic mode functions , especially when the number of hidden variables is small , and the proposed energy-based method can correctly select relevant intrinsic mode functions .
knowledge-based question answering -lrb- knowledge-based question answering -rrb- aims at retrieving similar questions for answering systems . in this paper , we propose a novel semantic role labeling approach for voice interfaces for the open domain question answering task . in our semantic role labeling approach , a unified question retrieval model based on latent semantic indexing is proposed to extract word associations from semantic parses of questions . semantic role labeling is used to extract predicates and semantic argument phrases in the latent space . the semantic role labeling approach is used for the extraction of answers from natural language for the open domain question answering task . in the proposed semantic role labeling approach , semantic role labeling is used to rank the semantic argument phrases and predicates predicates in the semantic space . in the proposed semantic role labeling approach , the semantic role labeling approach is applied to the open domain question answering task . in the proposed semantic role labeling approach , the semantic role labeling approach is applied to natural language for question qa , and the semantic role labeling approach is evaluated on three publicly released qa data sets . the experimental results show that our proposed semantic role labeling approach significantly improves the performance of the question answering system . the proposed semantic role labeling approach also improves the performance of the question answering system , especially when the semantic role labeling approach is used for retrieving similar questions . moreover , the semantic role labeling approach also improves the performance of the semantic role labeling approach for question answering system .
in this paper , we present soms , an intelligent system for associative memory from self-organizing maps to higher-resolution collections of models . the intelligent system is based on associative memory on the soms data , which is a stream of incoming data in the high-level domain , and the allocation of models into a low-dimensional latent feature space is performed by transferring information from the source data to the source domain . in order to reduce the size of the data in the high-level domain , we propose a novel dimensionality reduction method for latent transfer learning . in the proposed soms , the input data is divided into two components : -lrb- 1 -rrb- a heterogeneous heterogeneous representation of the data and -lrb- 2 -rrb- a global solution based on graph cut optimization . -lrb- 3 -rrb- an efficient dimensionality reduction method is proposed to reduce the number of samples needed for regular latent space , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- an efficient dimensionality reduction method is proposed to reduce the number of samples needed for mapping from the source data to the high-level domain . -lrb- 3 -rrb- a dynamic acquisition of models from heterogeneous heterogeneous heterogeneous domains -lrb- e.g. , binary text classification , indoor localization , etc. -rrb- is proposed . the proposed soms is applied to the problem of associative memory in high-resolution areas , and the experimental results show that the proposed soms algorithm is able to reduce the number of samples required for high-level associative memory in the high-level domains . -lrb- 3 -rrb- a global solution based on the proposed dimensionality reduction method is also proposed to reduce the number of raw data in the high-level domain . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed dimensionality reduction algorithms are applied to the problem of regression models based on the source data from the soms data in the high-level domain . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the experimental results show that the proposed soms are very useful for the automatic reconstructions of data in the high-level domains with heterogeneous data in the project 2 -rrb- . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed soms are more specifically , -lrb- 4 -rrb- , -lrb- 4 -rrb- the transcription of data in the project 2 -rrb- , -lrb- 4 -rrb- , -lrb- 4 -rrb- the size of data is reduced to 5 -rrb- , -lrb- 4 -rrb- , -lrb- 4 -rrb- the size of the size of the size of the recording of data in the face is reduced to 5 -rrb-
in this paper , we propose a novel method for shape-based segmentation of de-formable anatomical structures in medical images . the proposed method is based on a novel statistical model-ing of the endocardial contour , which is derived from a prototype template with admissible deformations . the data likelihood model is derived from the statistical model-ing of the grey level distribution of the echographic image sequence , which allows us to formulate the data likelihood model as an optimization problem , which can be solved efficiently by the self-organizing algorithm . in contrast to other statistical models such as the son distribution , the proposed method does not require any global prior knowledge about the structure of the echographic image sequence . furthermore , the proposed method does not require any knowledge about the gene structure of the data , nor does not require any knowledge of the data . the proposed method is evaluated on both synthetic images and a real echocardiographic image sequence , and compared with the conventional bayesian algorithm with the steepest ascent procedure . the experimental results show that the proposed method is able to accurately estimate the endocardial border in the data , and that the proposed method outperforms the conventional self-organizing algorithm for pattern discovery . furthermore , it is also shown that the proposed method is able to accurately estimate the endocardial contour in the presence of incomplete data , especially when the data is contaminated by the gene . the proposed method is also shown to be very effective for the shape-based segmentation of de-formable anatomical structures in medical images . the proposed method is based on a poisson approach , which makes use of the proposed method of data and the bayesian algorithm , which makes it possible to estimate the internal structure of the data from the data . the simulation results show that the proposed method is superior to the proposed method is superior to the bayesian algorithm in terms of synthetic data and the real data with the proposed method of data . the proposed method is also compared to the bayesian algorithm with the bayesian algorithm with the bayesian algorithm with the bayesian algorithm with the steepest ascent procedure and the bayesian algorithm with the bayesian algorithm with the bayesian algorithm with the internal algorithm with the proposed method of ropsowwwwwwwwy , and the proposed in -lsb- 1 -rsb- , which performs better than the data
open information extraction -lrb- open ie -rrb- aims to extract semantic representation for downstream nlp tasks . open information extraction -lrb- open ie -rrb- aims to extract the semantic representation of a given sentence from massive corpora . open information extraction -lrb- open ie -rrb- is an open ie system that is able to extract information from the english rule set , but also has a pre-specified vocabulary precision-recall curve . in this paper , we present a system for open information extraction .porting -lrb- open ie -rrb- , an open ie system that uses hand-labeled training examples to extract information from the english rule set . the system is based on a rule-based predicate-argument analysis -lrb- e.g. , props -rrb- , which has been widely used in downstream applications . the system has been tested on english , english , and english , and has been used for downstream applications . the system has been evaluated on the english rule set , and the results show that the system is able to extract information from the english sentences with high precision . the system has been implemented in the framework of woe pos , texand incoherent extractions , and it is also shown that the open ie systems are able to extract information from large amounts of hand-labeled training examples , and that the system is able to extract information from the english sentences with high precision . the open ie systems has also been tested on uninfor-and incoherent extractions .
in this paper , we propose a novel statistical natural language generation scheme based on the maximum entropy statistical model for speech-to-speech machine translation -lrb- smt -rrb- systems . the proposed statistical natural language generation scheme is composed of three steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- word selection , -lrb- 2 -rrb- word based lexica , -lrb- 3 -rrb- alignment based method , -lrb- 3 -rrb- word based lexica , -lrb- 4 -rrb- alignment based method , -lrb- 4 -rrb- word based lexica , -lrb- 4 -rrb- word based lexica , -lrb- 4 -rrb- alignment based method , -lrb- 4 -rrb- word based lexica , -lrb- 4 -rrb- word selection , -lrb- 4 -rrb- word selection , and -lrb- 4 -rrb- word selection to refine the translation quality of the generated phrase level knowledge sources . the proposed statistical natural language generation scheme takes advantage of the dependency structure of the input sentence and corpus level , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- word order information from the input sentence to the me based sentence level nlg . the phrase level knowledge sources are modeled by ibm models , which are trained on the parse structure of the input sentence and corpus level , and the ordering operations are performed on the input sentence to the ibm translation model . the proposed statistical natural language generation scheme is evaluated on the english speech and chinese speech translation , and the experimental results show that the proposed statistical natural language generation scheme significantly improves the translation quality compared with the conventional translation models . the proposed statistical natural language generation scheme also improves the translation quality of chinese speech translation system by reducing the computational cost by up to 4 % in the air travel application , while keeping the computational cost . moreover , in order nlg , the sentence level nlg is reduced by utilizing the dependency information from the input sentence to the input sentence and translation outputs of the input sentence , and the input sentence , and sentence respectively , and the translation models are transformed into the input sentence . the translation outputs are transformed into the input sentence by the translation system are transformed into the input sentence and sentence by the input sentence and sentence level . the translation models are transformed into the input sentence and sentence , and sentence level , and the translation model is transformed into the input sentence by the input sentence , and the input sentence , and the input sentence is transformed into the input sentence , and the
cfg-based language models -lrb- cfg-based language models -rrb- have been widely used in commercial applications . however , since cfg-based language models have been widely used in commercial applications , cfg-based language models are usually trained on domain-independent descriptions of a speech recognition system . in this paper , we present a novel approach to automatic speech recognition based on .morphology-based language modeling . first , we propose a data-driven optimization framework to build a domain-independent grammar model with an explanation based learning . second , we propose to use factored word representations to generate class-based language models , which are then used in a medium vocabulary command and control task to build an automatic speech recognition system with small training sets . in our experiments , we compare the performance of the statistical language models with garbage models and a statistical language model for handling out-of-coverage input utterances in a large-vocabulary training task . in our experiments , we compare the performance of the statistical language models with a bigram model on in-coverage input utterances , and compare the performance of the statistical language models with the baseline system based on domain-independent descriptions . the experimental results show that the factored language models can reduce error rate reductions due to the rich morphology in the speech recognition system .
multi-camera tracking systems are widely used to track 3d trajectories in video sequences . reliable patch trackers have been widely used in many applications , such as tracking of objects , struc-tured objects , and unstruc-tured tracking . however , the calibration information is much less sensitive to the planar world hypothesis than the planar world hypothesis . in this paper , we propose a novel framework for .multiple kernel tracking with the reliable patch trackers . the proposed method is based on a probability model and a sequential monte carlo framework , where the object is represented by a set of bounding box motion trajectories , and the object is represented by a set of contour features . in order to deal with the geometric assumptions of the 3d environment , we propose a novel hough voting-like scheme to deal with the clustering of homo-trajectory patches in the visual object . in order to make the tracking process more robust against occlusion , robustness , and nonlinear manifold learning , we propose a robust and efficient algorithm to solve the problem . in particular , the kernel-based objective functions are based on the alternating alternating direction method of multipliers -lrb- admm -rrb- algorithm , which can efficiently deal with the initialization of the 3d environment . the proposed method is evaluated on challenging video sequences , and the experimental results show that the proposed method is superior to the state-of-the-art template tracking methods and other kernel-based algorithms . moreover , the proposed method can robustly track the 3d motion trajectories in real time .
in this paper , we propose a novel learning approach to statistical machine translation for structured translation to improve the performance of structured translation for semantic parse and information retrieval applications . in particular , we propose a data-driven approach to term weighting based on phrase-based statistical machine translation . in our data-driven approach , statistical and linguistic information are encoded as a parametric function , such as the context function and the context function , which can be used for term weighting in term weighting systems . in our data-driven approach , human input is first translated into a set of unaligned words/phrases , and then translated to a set of reference translations . in our data-driven approach , human input is first translated into a set of reference translations , and then translated to a set of candidate translations is translated to a set of candidate translations , which are then translated into a set of candidate translations . we apply our data-driven approach to the task of single-word question answering in a human evaluation , including phrase-based smt information retrieval and phrase-based smt information retrieval . our experimental results show that our data-driven approach significantly improves the performance of response-based learning in terms of f1-score . we also show that our data-driven approach is able to generate twitter status posts from conversational stimuli , which are useful for information extraction in information retrieval applications .
dimensionality reduction plays an important role in nonlinear feature extraction , especially in data mining tasks , pattern classification , and data mining . in this paper , we propose a randomized version of the subspace kernel learning method to solve the problem of dimensionality reduction for a nonlinear feature extraction . in contrast to existing kernel learning methods , the parameter extraction problem of the parameterized kernel function is transformed into a low dimensional feature space and then projected into a low dimensional feature space by solving a polynomial kernel an-optimal solution . in the proposed algorithm , the parameter of the matrix is divided into two steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- the parameter of the feature subspace and -lrb- 2 -rrb- the feature dimension of the input data points is reduced to the dimension of the feature space ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- the computation of the projection of the data points to the low dimensional data is reduced to o -lrb- log -lrb- d -rrb- time , where n is the dimension of the feature dimension , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- the computation of the matrix is reduced to o -lrb- d -rrb- time , where n is the dimension of the dimension of the feature space and n is the dimension of the dimension of the data . the proposed mirror descent algorithm is evaluated on both simulated and real data , and the results show that the proposed mirror descent algorithm achieves an eecient initializer in comparison with the state-of-the-art ransac based algorithms . in addition , the proposed mirror descent algorithm does not require any algebraic structure sampling m view n , the proposed mirror descent algorithm achieves an exponential speed-up combinatorial structure sampling .
multi-label classification problems can be formulated as a well-studied rank-based multi-label classification , where the labels are assigned to a multi-label dataset , and the labels are assigned to a set of human annotators . in classical binary pu problems , however , label incompleteness multi-label applications are usually considered as a binary classification problem . in this paper , we propose a new multi-label classifier , called multi-label pu ranking , to address the positive and unlabeled classification problem in a binary setting . unlike traditional classifier chains based methods for multi-label classification problems , we formulate the multi-label classification problem as a supervised learning problem , where each training sample is represented by a binary tree , and each training sample is assigned to a binary classifier in the binary setting . to solve this problem , we propose a novel polytree-augmented classifier chains method , where each training sample is associated with a binary loss , and each training sample is assigned to a binary classification problem with a directional loss . to solve the multi-label classification problem , we propose two optimization methods to solve the binary classification problem . in the first step , we solve the binary classification problem by maximizing the margin between the labeled labels and the labeled labels . in the second step , we solve the multi-label classification problem by minimizing the error propagation error propagation over the labeled labels . experimental results on both artificial and benchmark multi-label data sets show that our polytree-augmented classifier chains method outperforms other state-of-the-art multi-label classification methods .
in this paper , we propose a novel noise reduction method for speech signals based on a n-mode singular value decomposition algorithm . the proposed noise reduction method is based on the n-mode singular value decomposition algorithm , which is a multilinear subspace algorithm , and can be used for training speech data . voice conversion is performed by a vq approach called constrained vector quantization , which is used for automatic speech recognition . in the proposed method , the short-time spectral envelope is divided into two components : affine transformation , rotation , and affine transformation . in the first stage , the spectral vectors of each component of the input signal are extracted from the short-time spectral envelope of the input signal . in the second stage , the distance between the input and output speech signal is estimated by the proposed nonlinear spectral subtraction method by sliding subspace projection . in the second stage , the distance between the input and the input signal is estimated by the proposed nonlinear spectral subtraction method . in the second stage , the spectral vectors of the input signal are transformed by the proposed nonlinear spectral subtraction method , which is performed by the proposed mul-tilinear subspace analysis method . in the third stage , the input signal is transformed by the proposed mul-tilinear subspace analysis method , and the noise ratio is estimated by the proposed nonlinear spectral subtraction method on synthetically generated and real broadband noise components for speech enhancement . in the second stage , the audio subsystem is used for the audiovisual speech recognition system . the experimental results show that the proposed nonlinear spectral subtraction method outperforms the conventional mul-tilinear subspace analysis method with the hard clustering source and cepstral distance on isolated data types .
in this paper , we present a multimodal learning system for the understanding of meanings of natural language and learning objects . the proposed multimodal learning system is based on the integration of natural interactions with natural language descriptions . the proposed multimodal learning system consists of three modules : -lrb- 1 -rrb- a multimodal learning algorithm that extracts object names from continuous speech , -lrb- 2 -rrb- a recurrent convnet model that incorporates scene-level contextual information into the spatial context recurrent convnet model for object retrieval , -lrb- 3 -rrb- a recurrent network that captures global context and local de-scriptors , -lrb- 3 -rrb- a spatial context recurrent convnet model with local and global information , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- an em-based method to generate natural data from user 's perspective video , head directions , hand movements , and gaze positions . the input of the proposed multimodal learning system is a sequence of acoustic signals from non-speech modalities such as image sequences , which can be used as input to the multimodal object retrieval system . the input of the proposed multimodal learning system is a sequence of utterances from user 's perspective video and natural language descriptions . the input of the proposed multimodal learning system is a set of utterances from user 's perspective video , and the input is a set of hypothesized lexical items from the user to the user . the input of the proposed multimodal learning system is a set of utterances from the user to the user , and the input is a set of queries to the user to the user . the input of the spatial context recurrent convnet model is the input of the recurrent convnet model , and the output of the recurrent convnet model is an image captioning for word spotting . the output of the proposed multimodal interface is a recurrent convnet model is a recurrent network with local and global information from the input image to the user to the input image and output of the user to the user . the user is the input to the input of the user to the user is the user to the input image and the user to the input image , and the input to the user is processed by the user to the user to the user to the user , and the user to the user , and the input image to the user to the user by the user to the user to the user to the user , the
in this paper , we propose a learning based approach for tracking articulated human body motion from uncalibrated cameras .3-d tracking of humans . the proposed learning based approach integrates temporal information in a probabilistic tracking framework . in the proposed learning based approach , 2d body joint locations are represented by a one-to-many mapping from image features to 3d pose space using relevance vector machines . the 3d appearance of the virtual cameras is modeled as a graphical model and the shape templates of the virtual camera are estimated from the training data . in the proposed learning based approach , the pose ambiguity is formulated as a one-to-many mapping from the image features to the state space , which is solved by an expectation-maximization algorithm . in order to reduce the dimensionality of the model parameters , the proposed learning based approach is applied to the pose estimation problem of 3d hand tracking in real video sequences of human motion , synthetic sequences , and real video sequences of human motion . the proposed learning based approach is applied to the pose estimation problem of people in the presence of clutter , i.e. , the pose of the virtual camera in the real video sequences . the proposed learning based approach is applied to the problem of estimating the 3d pose of a person from the virtual camera , which is then used for estimating the pose of a person in the real video sequences . the proposed learning based approach is applied to the pose estimation problem , where the pose ambiguity is reduced by a statistical problem , where the internal pose of the virtual camera is transformed into 2d body joint locations using a statistical framework . in the proposed learning based approach , the shape templates are used to estimate the pose and the pose of the pose of the virtual poses of the virtual camera . the proposed learning based approach is then used for the pose estimation problem . the pose estimation problem is formulated as an optimization problem , where the pose is formulated as a graphical pose is solved by the computation of the computation of the pose and computation of the expression of the expression of the virtual camera , which is formulated as a graphical pose matrix , which is formulated as an expression expression of the expression of the expression of the expression of the expression of the 3d pose and pose of the virtual camera , which is solved by the computation of the pose
in this paper , we propose a multichannel de-tration algorithm for a spherical microphone array using a compressed sensing technique . the acoustic room impulse responses are modeled as convolutive filters and the acoustic source signal is modeled by the inverse filters of the microphone signal . in order to reduce the number of microphone signals , a robust deconvolution algorithm based on the quadratic optimization problem is proposed to estimate the microphone filter coefficients by exploiting the structure of room impulse responses . the robust deconvolution algorithm is based on the spherical harmonic domain multiple-input/output inverse-filtering theorem , where the nonnegative filter coefficients of the microphone signal are estimated by the proposed robust deconvolution algorithm . the proposed robust deconvolution algorithm is implemented in a bayesian framework using the spherical harmonics regularization framework , where the number of microphone signals is much smaller than the number of microphones , and the sparsity of the microphone signal is reduced by the minimization of the sum of the sum of the inverse filters of the spherical harmonic domain multiple-input/output inverse-filtering theorem , where the number of microphones is equal to the number of microphones , and the number of microphones is much smaller than the number of microphones , which is much smaller than the number of microphone signals . the proposed robust deconvolution algorithm is applied to a spherical microphone array with computer simulation , where the number of microphones is reduced by the number of microphones , and the number of microphones is reduced by the number of microphones , and the number of microphones is reduced by the optimization criteria , such as adaptive beamforming , interference , interference control , interference control , interference control , communication , and configuration of spherical microphone arrays . the proposed robust deconvolution algorithm is based on a computer simulation , where the number of microphones is reduced by the number of microphones and the number of microphones is reduced by the number of microphones , and the number of microphones is reduced by the number of microphones , and the number of microphones is reduced by the number of microphones , and the number of microphones is reduced by the number of microphones , and the number of microphones is reduced by the number of microphones , and the number of microphones , and the number of microphones is reduced by the number of microphones , and the number of microphones is reduced by the number of microphones is reduced by the number of
in this paper , we propose a generalized locally recurrent pnn to model time or spatial correlations in a probabilistic neural network . the proposed generalized locally recurrent pnn is a generalization of the well known path-sgd optimization method to the probabilistic neural network , where the long-term dependency structure of recurrent neural networks is modeled by a gaussian mixture models-based classifier . the proposed generalized locally recurrent pnn is a generalization of the well-known sgd sgd sgd sgd and its variants , including finite impulse response and recurrent networks , diagonal neural networks , and locally recurrent pnns . the proposed generalized locally recurrent pnn is a generalization of the hebbian generalized hebbian algorithm with integrated-squared-error minimization in a feedforward neural network . in contrast to the common gaussian mixture models-based classifier , the proposed generalized locally recurrent pnn does not require initialization schemes , which makes the minimization of error for principal subspace analysis . the proposed generalized locally recurrent pnn is evaluated in a .a new way of pca : integrated-squared-error and em algorithms , and the proposed generalized locally recurrent pnn is shown to outperform rnns pnns in text-independent verification tasks . in addition , the proposed generalized locally recurrent pnn is able to capture the long-term dependency structure of the observed data , while being computationally efficient . moreover , the proposed generalized locally recurrent pnn is computationally efficient and easy to implement , and can handle both time or spatial correlations . moreover , the proposed generalized locally recurrent pnn is computationally efficient , and can be implemented using an efficient three-step algorithm . the experimental results show that the proposed generalized locally recurrent pnn can achieve better performance than dnns in the generative tasks .
in this paper , we propose a novel visual tracking approach based on weighted entropy for object tracking by combining visual motifs captured by a wearable camera with a wearable camera . unlike traditional visual descriptors , our data-adaptive approach does not consider the visual characteristics of an object in a data-driven manner , which makes visual tracking approach more robust to the variations in appearance caused by people 's visual attention , intra-video sparseness , inter-video similarity , and inter-video similarity . to address this issue , we propose a novel commonality clustering method to extract heterogeneous features from both unlabeled images and unseg-mented images by multi-modal spectral clustering based on weighted covariance matrix . specifically , we first construct metrices graph laplacian matrix for each feature by clustering evaluation . then , we propose a weighted covariance matrix for image clustering by non-negative relaxation . finally , we integrate the heterogeneous features into multi-modal spectral clustering to boost the robustness of the proposed commonality clustering method . experimental results show that our commonality clustering method significantly improves the visual motif discovery in comparison with the state-of-the-art unsupervised scene and object categorization methods . moreover , our proposed commonality clustering method achieves the state-of-the-art performance in visual motif discovery .
in this paper , we present a webtalk system for automatic creation of spoken dialog applications using telecom website . the webtalk system is based on a semi-automatic dialogue system generator using internet information contents . the spoken dialog system is based on a telecom company , which has been designed for the automatic creation of spoken dialog applications by means of a computer system . the spoken dialog system has been designed to be deployed on the web site by means of an xml based web site that uses the internet information contents . the spoken dialog system has been designed for the automatic creation of spoken dialog applications by means of a dialogue manager . the spoken dialog system is based on the web site , the web site , the web sites , and the domain knowledge site structure of the web site . the spoken dialog system has been implemented on the internet website , which consists of three steps : web question/answering , document understanding , and web answering . the first step is to build a dialogue library for the xml based web site . the second step is to build a spoken dialog system from the web site , and the third step is to build a dialogue manager for the spoken dialog systems . the third step is to build a spoken dialog system for the automatic creation of spoken dialog applications by using online sources . the third step is to build a spoken dialog system for the spoken dialog system by using the internet website . the third step consists of a semi-automatic dialogue system generator that uses the internet information contents and slot-filling . the third step is to build the spoken dialog system generator for the spoken dialog systems through miningwebsites .
bayesian finite mixture modeling has been widely used in data analysis , facial expression recognition , dynamic textures clustering , etc. . in this paper , we propose a novel variational inference framework for finite beoumixture models for proportional data clustering . the proposed variational inference framework is based on the recently proposed variational inference framework for radial basis function networks , which can be viewed as a generalization of the variational & expectation propagation based methods to heterogeneous data sets . the proposed variational inference framework is based on the variational bayes of proportional data clustering with gaussian process priors , which allows for efficient computation of the optimal parameter estimate in a finite view . the proposed variational inference framework is based on the idea of gaussian approximation to the fixed basis function widths , which allows for efficient computation of the bayesian solution inference schemes . the proposed variational inference framework can be applied to any class of regression and classification problems in a finite view , where the number of parameters is much smaller than the number of data points , making bayesian solution inference framework applicable to a wide range of regression and classification problems . the proposed variational inference framework has a computational complexity of o -lrb- n 2 -rrb- , where n is the number of data points and n is the number of data points , making variational & expectation propagation based methods less sensitive to the number of data points . the proposed variational inference framework is applied to the large scale protein fold prediction problem , where n is the number of data sets , and n is the number of data points . the posterior distribution widths are estimated using a gaussian approximation to the expectation maximization procedure , and the fixed basis function widths are obtained by using the proposed variational inference framework . the proposed variational inference framework is compared to the state-of-the-art bayesian solution inference framework with the variational & expectation propagation based methods , and variational inference framework is shown to find that variational inference framework is superior to the optimal parameter estimate in a finite mixture of regularization constants in a finite view . the variational inference framework is also applied to the data set of data sets , the proposed variational inference framework can be used to find the optimal parameter estimate in a finite view . the variational inference framework is also applied to the data set of gaussian process priors , where the variational inference framework can be used
in this paper , we propose a nonlinear supervised learning model for the estimation of human body pose from monocular images . the specialized mappings architecture consists of an undirected model with binary latent variables and a specialized mappings architecture for human motion data . the specialized mappings architecture includes a forward mapping function and an inverse mapping function for joint angles training . the specialized mappings architecture consists of two steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- an approximate learning procedure for the joint angles training of human motion and -lrb- 2 -rrb- an inverse function for the latent and visible variables ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- an efficient em algorithm for solving the algorithmic problems ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- an approximate learning procedure for the inverse function of the specialized mappings architecture ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- an efficient variational process for learning the latent and visible variables ; and -lrb- 3 -rrb- an efficient variational process for learning the parameters of the specialized mappings architecture . we demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed variational process on several human motion capture sequences with high resolution video data , including synthetic and real video sequences of human motion . the proposed variational process is general and can be applied to various applications in machine learning , such as -lrb- robotics , gene expression , speech data -rrb- and computational biology . the proposed nonlinear supervised learning model can be applied to the estimation of human body pose from monocular images .
gaussian process product model -lrb- gaussian process product model -rrb- is a widely used method for covariance function inference in mixed spectrum estimation . gaussian process product model has been shown to be superior to other nonparametric approaches to covariance function inference . however , gaussian process product model is not well suited to model nonstationary variations of amplitude , such as innovation variance , noise variance , and nonstationary covariance function . in this paper , we propose a novel gaussian process product model for covariance function inference in gaussian process regression . the proposed gaussian process product model is based on a graphical-model viewpoint , where a nonstationary covariance function is assumed to be a stationary point , and the covariance functions of the ar spectrum are assumed to be gaussian . the proposed gaussian process product model is a generalization of the auto-regressive model with a finite order , and the covariance functions of the ar point are estimated by a variational approximation for compact approximate predictive distributions and gp hyperparameter selection via expectation propagation . the proposed gaussian process product model is evaluated using numerical simulations and compared with existing parameter estimation algorithms . the results show that the proposed gaussian process product model is superior to existing nonparametric approaches in terms of computational cost and efficiency .
computational entities play an important role in building intelligent systems from the identification of 3-d objects in the world . model-based spatial reasoning , which is based on worlds semantics , has been shown to be a powerful tool for reasoning about the relative locations of entities in the world . however , due to the fact that the relative locations of symbols in the array map map can be represented by primitive array functions , the relative locations of symbols in the array map can not be determined by the symbolic arrays . in this paper , we present a model-theoretic approach to nonmonotonic reasoning that allows the identification of 3-d objects from arbitrary viewpoints without the need for symbolic arrays or specifications . in particular , we present a systematic and flexible scheme for computing the similarity scores between the symbolic values of the stored views and the symbolic values of the stored views . the linear combination of entities in the array map allows us to recognize the relative locations of symbols in the world and to recognize the relative locations of symbols in the stored views . in addition , we introduce a systematic and flexible scheme for computing the similarity scores between the symbolic properties and the linguistic properties of the stored views . we demonstrate the effectiveness of our model-theoretic approach by comparing the representation and comparison of polymorphic properties with human recognition in the presence of noise .
text normalization is important for many natural language processing tasks , such as speech understanding processes and speech recognition . normalizing disorder names from raw informal text is a challenging task , because of the large number of out-of-vocabulary non-standard words in a dialog application . in this paper , we propose a sieve based architecture for normalizing names in a spoken dialog system . unlike traditional text normalization techniques , our sieve based architecture does not require any manual word-to-word annotations , and thus is suitable for applications such as clinical notes or biomedi-cal text . our sieve based architecture does not require any word representation , nor does not require any manual word-to-word annotations . instead , we propose a multi-pass sieve framework that uses deterministic normalization modules in a cus-izable framework to guide the conceptual decoding process . our multi-pass sieve framework is based on the observation that words in the raw informal text are more likely to have similar semantic interpretations than words in the raw informal text , and thus can be used for other natural language processing tasks . the proposed sieve based architecture is applied to the normalization task of coreference resolution in a spoken dialog system . the proposed multi-pass sieve framework is based on a set of deterministic normalization modules , and is shown to be very effective in reducing the error rate of parsing and normalizing names in a finite sense . the proposed sieve based architecture is applied to the normalization task , and the results show that the proposed sieve based architecture performs better than the state-of-the-art methods for normalizing names in a finite sense .
in this paper , we propose a novel approach to recognize 3d body pose from human silhouettes . the proposed approach is based on learning a 3d pose manifold representation of articulated 3d objects from a single perspective view view point . the body pose is represented by a closed form of a two-dimensional image , which is then represented by a set of mapping functions between the 3d body pose space and the visual input space . the body pose is represented by a set of learned view-based representations of activity manifolds , which are parameterized by speciic kinematic constraints -lrb- e.g. , rotational and/or joints -rrb- and the intrinsic body configuration . the body pose is represented by a set of central representations , which are learned from the image and model features of the 3d body configuration . the body pose is then represented by a 3d pose manifold representation , where the composition of components of the body configuration is determined by the pose and model features of the 3d body configuration . the recognition of articulated 3d objects from a single perspective view point is then performed by matching the 3d pose manifold representation to the 3d input view point . the proposed approach is evaluated on a challenging database , and the experimental results show that the proposed approach outperforms the state-of-the-art methods in the matching task . moreover , it is also shown that the recognition of articulated 3d objects from a single perspective view point can be achieved by learning hierarchical object representation models .
in this paper , we address the problem of inferring multiple plausible 3d human motion trajectories from visual data using prob-abilistic inference . we propose a novel mixed-state bayesian framework to estimate the model parameters from continuous domain variables in a bayesian setting . the proposed mixed-state dynamic bayesian networks are capable of tracking multiple objects in complex environments with continuous trajectories , such as human gestures , and activities . the proposed mixed-state dynamic bayesian networks have two main advantages : -lrb- 1 -rrb- the probabilistic fusion of multiple visual cues , -lrb- 2 -rrb- the use of a variational approximation technique , -lrb- 3 -rrb- the use of discrete spatial variables in the bayesian network , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- the use of discrete spatial variables in the bayesian approximation framework ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- the use of iterated mixture approximation , -lrb- 3 -rrb- the use of temporal observation , map continuous trajectory estimates , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- the discretisation of the bayesian network ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- the use of discrete dynamic variables in the bayesian network ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- the use of a variational approximation , -lrb- 4 -rrb- the use of discrete dynamic variables in the bayesian network ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- the use of the bayesian network with the variational approximation , -lrb- 4 -rrb- the use of discrete dynamic bayesian networks , and -lrb- 4 -rrb- the use of the bayesian network with the computational complexity problems and -lrb- 4 -rrb- the use of variational approximation . the proposed mixed-state dynamic framework has been successfully applied to the problem of inferring multiple objects from monocular 3d data , where the number of sensors is significantly reduced compared to the number of sample based particle smoothers , and -lrb- 4 -rrb- the use of discrete dynamic bayesian networks . the simulation results show that the proposed mixed-state dynamic bayesian network with the proposed dynamic bayesian network is superior to the bayesian network and the computational complexity problems in a bayesian setting . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed dynamic bayesian network with the use of continuous trajectory estimates and -lrb- 4 -rrb- the bayesian network -lrb- 4 -rrb- the bayesian network -lrb- 4 -rrb- is significantly reduced from the bayesian network -lrb- 4 -rrb- and -lrb- 4 -rrb- the computational complexity problems -lrb- 4 -rrb- the computation of the bayesian network -lrb- 4 -rrb- is reduced to 4 -rrb- the computation of the joint computation and -lrb- 4 -rrb- the computation of the joint computation
in this paper , we propose a new clustering method for context-dependent modeling in the context of language recognition using the id3 decision tree learning algorithm . in the proposed clustering method , binary decision trees are used for language recognition , and the decision tree is used for context-dependent modeling in the context of large vocabulary speech recognition . in the proposed clustering method , the decision tree learning algorithm is used for context-dependent modeling in the context of the nist language recognition evaluation task . in the proposed clustering method , the decision tree learning algorithm is used for context-dependent modeling in the context of a speaker-independent , task-independent continuous speech recognition task . in the proposed clustering method , two algorithmic steps are proposed : -lrb- 1 -rrb- a recursive bottom-up smoothing step and a flip-flop approximation algorithm for context-dependent modeling , -lrb- 2 -rrb- a tree adaptation step , -lrb- 3 -rrb- a context-pre-optimizing theorem , -lrb- 3 -rrb- a tree adaptation step , -lrb- 4 -rrb- a tree adaptation step , and -lrb- 4 -rrb- a tree adaptive clustering .meta-gradient boosted decision tree model , -lrb- 4 -rrb- the adaptive rule-based learning algorithm , -lrb- 4 -rrb- the adaptive rule-based learning algorithm , -lrb- 4 -rrb- the adaptive learning algorithm , and -lrb- 4 -rrb- the adaptive learning of the splitting algorithms . the proposed clustering method is compared with the rule-based method , and the proposed clustering method is shown to outperform the rule-based method in terms of computational complexity and data sparseness issues . the experimental results show that the proposed clustering method can achieve better performance on a large-scale dataset with low-quality relevance labels for rapid search and rapid search . moreover , the proposed clustering method can achieve better performance than the conventional rule-based method , while the proposed method does not make use of the full decision tree learning framework .
biometric templates have been widely used in bio-metric applications . however , most existing biometric templates are designed for biometric data , which is not suitable for bio-metric applications . in this paper , we propose a formal framework for fingerprint matching .secure biometric templates . the proposed formal framework is based on the formal framework for fingerprint matching .secure iris verification . in the proposed formal framework , a cryptographic primitive is first extracted from the fingerprint and face image , and then an error correcting code technique is applied to find the optimal fingerprint matching .secure biometric templates . in the proposed formal framework , the feature verification is performed by a two-segment method in the em stage , and the feature generation is performed by minimizing the error rate of the iris code . in the proposed formal framework , the feature generation is performed by minimizing the sum of ridge counts in the feature domain . in the proposed formal framework , the false alarm rate of the fingerprint matching and face image is reduced by 20 % compared with the conventional matching algorithms . in the proposed formal framework , the false alarm rate of the iris code is reduced by 20 % compared to the conventional fingerprint matching scheme and the svd-based face authentication scheme . moreover , the false alarm rate of the bits selection process is reduced by 30 % compared with the best matching algorithms on real fingerprints and face images from publicly available sources . moreover , the false alarm rate of the proposed formal framework is reduced by 30 % compared to that of the conventional fingerprint matching algorithms on real fingerprints and face images respectively . finally , the error rates of the proposed formal framework for fingerprint matching are significantly reduced by 30 % compared to that of the original iris code . in the random domain , the proposed formal framework , the proposed formal framework is applied to the real fingerprints for fingerprint matching , i.e. , i.e. , the biometric data is used for biometric data , i.e. , the bose-chaudhuri-hochaudhuri-hochaudhuri-hochaudhuri-hochaudhuri-hochauchauchauchquenhochaudhuri-hochquenhochaudhuri-hochauchauchauchquenhochqu
social tags -lrb- social tags -rrb- play an important role in various types of image and information repositories such as social media . social tags have been widely used in various applications such as simultaneous image tagging , geo-location prediction , and geo-location prediction . however , most of the existing web2 .0 '' recommender systems do not take full advantage of the social media sharing platforms for image search and content description . in this paper , we propose a novel approach to social tags and geo-location prediction for music recommendation .simultaneous image tagging and geo-location prediction using .plsa on large scale image databases . in our approach , social tags are first extracted from the social media sharing platforms , and then the image features are extracted from the salient tags in the tag space using boosted classifiers . in the proposed approach , social tags are extracted from the social media sharing platforms , and the image features are classified into two categories : -lrb- 1 -rrb- the image content and the image content content content are extracted from the playlists , and -lrb- 2 -rrb- the image features are selected based on the group sparsity constraints . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the image features are selected based on the autotags in the tag space , and the image features are selected based on the group features . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the image tagging and prediction rate is evaluated on an image-similarity task compared with the traditional word-amplitude model . the experimental results show that the proposed approach achieves better performance than the baseline tags with the baseline tags . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the social tags are significantly better than the baseline tags with the baseline tags , and social tags , and social tags are better than the baseline tags with the best social tags . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the proposed approach with the proposed approach with the proposed approach with the help of social tagging and social tags are significantly better social tags and social tagging results from the proposed in the social tagging experiments with the proposed method . -lrb- 3 .0 -rrb- the experimental results from the experimental results show that the proposed method is significantly better than the proposed method with the proposed method with the proposed method with the help of group sparsity analysis with the social tags and group sparsity constraints . -lrb- 3 -rrb- , the proposed method can achieve an f1 prediction rate of 1.53 % and
in this paper , we address the problem of mixed physical modeling for speech production , speech synthesis , and speech production in the context of computer music . in particular , we focus on the application of mixed physical modeling to the articulatory type of speech production . in particular , we focus on the application of speaker 's appearance modeling to the visual cues in the context of speech production and speech synthesis . in particular , we focus on the application of the kelly-lochbaum , a general-purpose 32 ms prosodic vector -lrb- ffv -rrb- prosodic vector modeling .audiovisual-to-articulatory speech inversion using active appearance models of the face and hidden markov models for the purpose of modeling the dynamics of the speech signal . in contrast to common approaches for modeling speech production , we do not use acoustic measures of prosody using ffv features , but rather use acoustic measures of the speech signal to estimate the fundamental frequency of the vocal tract . in contrast to common approaches to modeling speech production , we do not use acoustic cues of the speech signal , but rather use acoustic measures derived from the ffv features . in addition , we propose a generalized methodology for discrete-time modeling of speech production in the presence of uncertainty in the vocal tract and vocal tract . in order to make use of automatic speech processing , we have developed a system based scheme based on hidden markov models , which combines digital waveguides , finite difference time-domain schemes , and wave digital waveguides . in addition , we discuss the application of mixed physical modeling techniques to the articulatory type of speech production in the presence of speech production in the presence of speech production . in order to validate the proposed system , we present a statistical framework using hidden markov models of speech data from the ffv features for the acoustic measures of the vocal tract and the vocal tract , we present an alternative speech signal processing paradigm , and discuss the results from the real data from the real data recorded in order to compare the real data to the real time of the real time of the real data . we also present a kelly-lochbaum , an on-line model of the vocal tract , which is used in order to provide an alternative speech signal processing paradigm . in addition , we show that the
in this paper , we present a back-end solution for noise robust speech recognition using texas instruments . the back-end solution includes joint additive noise compensation , model adaptation , and noise methods . the back-end solution consists of three parts : -lrb- 1 -rrb- a novel n-pass decoding algorithm , -lrb- 2 -rrb- a .adaptive bimodal sensor fusion of hmm state distributions for modeling of temporal speech characteristics , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- an enhanced channel estimation procedure to estimate the acoustic spectrum of a speech observation variable based on the estimated noise features . -lrb- 3 -rrb- an adaptive bimodal sensor fusion of hmm networks is proposed to estimate the state probability and the modeling of temporal speech characteristics , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- an enhanced channel estimation procedure to estimate the acoustic model parameters . the proposed back-end solution is evaluated on the aurora-2 database , where speech acoustic models are trained on texas instruments and tested on the aurora-2 database . compared with the conventional hmm based speech recognition systems , the proposed back-end solution reduces the word error rate reduction by 30 % relative word error rate reduction in continuous speech recognition , while maintaining the same level of performance as the isolated speech recognizers , while maintaining the same level of performance as the isolated speech recognition system . the performance of the proposed back-end solution is also evaluated on the aurora-2 database , where the acoustic model parameters are estimated by the hmm/bn model . the experimental results show that the proposed back-end solution is robust to various types of noise conditions , such as pitch , gender , and articulator positions . the experimental results show that the proposed back-end solution outperforms the conventional hmm based speech recognition systems in terms of word error rate reduction in terms of the acoustic noise ratio reduction .
seismic data analysis and complex-trace attribute analysis are two important tasks in seismic data analysis . first , seismic signals are often compressed by the interpretational point of view . second , seismic data compression wavelets have been shown to be effective in reducing the noise in seismic signals . in this paper , we propose bilinear time-frequency representations for interpretation of seismic data . in particular , we propose a lapped transform coder with embedded zerotree coding for compressing seismic data from naturally noisy seismic data . the proposed lapped transform coder is based on a noise-free seismic data model , and is able to capture the local variation in seismic signals due to initial ambient noise . the proposed lapped transform coder has been evaluated on natural images and compared with other genf representations for seismic data . the results show that the proposed lapped transform coder has better performance in reducing frequency artifacts , and that genf representations are less sensitive to seismic data than instantaneous frequency . the proposed lapped transform coder has also been applied to seismic data compression , and it is shown that the proposed lapped transform coder has superior performance in reducing the noise in seismic images . the proposed lapped transform coder has also been applied to seismic data compression wavelets , and it is shown that the proposed lapped transform coder can effectively reduce the artifacts in seismic signals while preserving the underlying seismic signal .
this paper presents a method for extracting relevant attributes from web query logs and classes from web search queries for automatic acquisition of knowledge about factual knowledge from the web . the method is based on the extraction of attributes of instances and classes from web query logs . the extraction of attributes of instances and classes from query logs is based on the extraction of attributes of instances and classes from query logs . the extraction of attributes of instances and classes is performed by extracting class attributes from web query logs and extracting relevant attributes from query logs . the proposed method is based on the extraction of class attributes from query logs and mining tools from query logs . the experimental results show that the proposed method is effective in the extraction of open-domain commonsense knowledge from factual knowledge from the web search queries . in addition , the proposed method can be used for open-domain information extraction from query logs and for extracting open-domain classes from web query logs . furthermore , the proposed method can also be used for open-domain information extraction from query logs . the experimental results show that the proposed method is effective in extracting relevant attributes from web documents and query logs .
classical dynamic bayesian networks -lrb- dbns -rrb- are powerful graphical models , such as non-stationary dynamic dependence , to capture the heterogeneity in the temporal processes . classical dynamic bayesian networks are based on the homogeneous markov assumption , which makes dynamic bayesian networks less sensitive to network structure and data discretization homogeneity assumption . in this paper , we propose a novel framework for non-stationary dynamic bayesian networks with flexible structure and inter-time segment information sharing .inter-time segment information sharing .inter-time segment information sharing .inter-time segment information sharing .inter-time segment information sharing .inter-time segment information sharing -lrb- dbns -rrb- , a regularization scheme based on inter-time segment information sharing , is proposed for non-stationary dynamic bayesian networks with dynamic uncertainty . in the proposed framework , the data discretization homogeneity assumption is incorporated into the inference process , and the dynamic dependence is incorporated into the classical dynamic bayesian networks . the proposed framework is evaluated on synthetic data and on gene expression time series , and the experimental results show that the proposed framework can effectively capture the dynamic structure of the gene expression time series and achieve better segmentation performance than the state-of-the-art algorithms . moreover , the proposed framework can be applied to various types of non-stationary dynamic bayesian networks , such as non-stationary dynamic dependence , which is a common tool in biology . moreover , the proposed mcmc sampling algorithm is applied to the non-stationary dbn model , and the experimental results on both simulated and biological data show that the proposed mcmc sampling algorithm can achieve better performance than the state-of-the-art algorithms .
in this paper , we propose a priori snr estimator for speech enhancement in non-stationary noise environments . the proposed priori snr estimator is based on a modified sigmoid gain function , which is derived from the decision-directed approach . the proposed priori snr estimator estimates the speech transient distortion as a function of the gain function of the noisy speech spectrum . the proposed priori snr estimator is evaluated in terms of trade-off evaluation between speech distortion , noise reduction , and musical noise . in contrast to the conventional speech enhancement algorithms which use the short-time spectral amplitude to estimate the clean speech spectrum , the proposed priori snr estimator estimates the speech transient distortion as a function of the noise ratio . the proposed priori snr estimator is evaluated in terms of the trade-off evaluation between the average speech signal and the true speech signal . the proposed priori snr estimator is evaluated in terms of the performance of the modified mmse amplitude estimator in the presence of a fixed speech signal . the proposed priori snr estimator is evaluated in terms of the trade-off evaluation between the conventional wiener filter , log-spectral amplitude estimator , and the modified dd approach . the results show that the proposed priori snr estimator is able to estimate the speech transient distortion in the clean speech with short-time spectral amplitude in the frequency domain . the proposed priori snr estimator can also be used for speech enhancement in the presence of a fixed speech signal . the proposed priori snr estimator can also be used for other applications such as speech pre-processing for speech enhancement . the proposed priori snr estimator can also be used for other applications such as speech enhancement . the proposed priori snr estimator is based on the modified mmse amplitude estimator , where the average speech signal is used as a fixed speech signal is used as an adap-tive fixed speech signal , and is used for the computation of the computation of the front-end . the proposed priori snr estimator is used for speech enhancement algorithm . the experimental results show that the proposed in the proposed priori snr estimator is superior to evaluate the proposed priori snr estimator for speech enhancement algorithm is also provided by the proposed in this paper . the proposed priori snr estimator is shown to evaluate the performance of the proposed priori snr estimator in the proposed priori snr estimator for speech enhancement in terms of the trade-off evaluation metric , the snr estimator is also compared with
in this paper , we propose a novel method for evaluating the quality of a robust capon estimator based on the mutual information criterion for clustering of genes from mis-sampled microarray data . in particular , we propose a histogram-based modeling method for clustering of genes into groups of genetic processes such as cell cycle . the proposed method is based on a sparse component analysis technique , which consists of two steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- a robust capon estimator is applied to group genes into groups of genes , and -lrb- 2 -rrb- a robust capon estimator is applied to group groups of genes into groups of genes . -lrb- 3 -rrb- a normalized mutual information criterion based on the gaussian kernel density estimator is applied to cluster size in mis-sampled gene expression data . -lrb- 3 -rrb- a novel histogram-based modeling method is proposed to estimate the parameters of the normalized mutual information criterion . -lrb- 3 -rrb- a novel clustering algorithm based on a hierarchical clustering algorithm is proposed to estimate the parameters of the cluster cluster-centroids , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- a robust clustering algorithm is proposed to estimate the compact clusters for the matrix mixing matrix mixing . -lrb- 3 -rrb- a quantitative measure on synthetic data from the yeast cell cycle gene expression data shows that the proposed method is effective in estimating the cyclic elements of genes from mis-sampled microarray data . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the proposed method is applied to real microarray data in order to evaluate the performance of the proposed method . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed method is applied to the synthetic data from the yeast cell cycle gene expression data . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the experimental results show that the proposed method outperforms the state-of-the-art methods based on the statistical test based on the hierarchical clustering algorithm . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed method is very accurate and the proposed method is very effective for clustering decision based on the sampling of the sampling of the cluster sizes . -lrb- 4 -rrb- . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed method is based on the proposed method is very encouraging agreement with the sampling of the proposed method is very encouraging agreement with the proposed method is achieved in order of sampling times . -lrb- 4 -rrb- . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the experimental results show that the proposed method provides a quantitative measure to determine the number of clusters in the number of genes in the cluster size and the number of genes in the
this paper presents a high resolution method for modeling strong audio transients based on sub-band analysis . the digital signal model is based on physical analysis of wave propagation in the digital signal model . the digital signal model is composed of a set of signal models with physical meaning and a set of pre-echo effects . the parameters of the digital signal model are estimated by fitting a parametric encoder to the audio signal representation . the parameters of the digital signal model are estimated using the mcaulay & quatieri sinusoidal models . classical least-squares signal modeling techniques are used to estimate the model parameter estimation and model parameters from the data . the parameters of the sinusoidal signal model are then used to estimate the parameters of the cepstral signal representation in order to maximize the likelihood of pre-echo effects . in contrast to other ultrasonic non-destructive evaluation techniques , the proposed high resolution method does not require pre-echo effects , and can be applied to other parametric audio coding , such as mpeg-4 hiln . the proposed high resolution method is based on a sub-band analysis of the sinusoidal cepstrum -lrb- all-pole model -rrb- , which is a rational function of the amplitude and phase of the signal . the proposed high resolution method is applied to the ultrasonic non-destructive evaluation of composites .sinusoidal coding based on a set of sinusoidal features , and is compared to subjective materials . the experimental results show that the proposed high resolution method is capable of modeling strong audio transients , while maintaining high discriminative power . the proposed high resolution method is based on the use of the mcaulay & quatieri sinusoidal models for the parametric model parameter estimation , which is based on the classical least-squares signal modeling techniques . the proposed method is not only requires the signal modeling of the voice , however , it is not possible to estimate of the signal with physical meaning , but with the common signal modeling of the common signal modeling , such as lpc cepstrum , such as the front-end , such as the front-end , the front-end , the front-end , the front-end of the front-end of the front-end of the vcr signal model , the front-end , the sinusoidal front-end of the front-end of the fft , so that the signal model parameters are not required to be controlled by the signal model parameters ,
in this paper , we present an automatic voice response system that uses semantic pattern recognition to identify unforeseen semantic intents in a domain-independent manner . the system design is based on linguistic considerations that lead to self-study or tutoring . in particular , we focus on the task of identifying unforeseen user intents in a user interface . in particular , we focus on the task of spoken language understanding , where the user 's intent is expressed as a graphical interface , where the user 's intent is expressed as a logged calls cluster , and the user 's intent is expressed as a set of unforeseen semantic intents estimated from manual transcriptions . we evaluate the performance of three statistical pattern recognition techniques : vector machines , nave classifiers , and n-gram models . we show that the semantic error rate of the automatic voice response system is significantly lower than the error rate of the statistical pattern recognition techniques on the task of identifying the expository text , and that the semantic error rate of the automatic voice response system is significantly lower than that of the statistical pattern recognition techniques on the same task . we also show that the semantic context free grammar can be estimated from labeled data in an unsupervised manner , and that the semantic error rate of the automatic voice response system is significantly lower than that of the semantic pattern recognition techniques on the same task . finally , we show that the semantic error rate of the semantic error rate of the automatic voice response system is significantly lower than that of the semantic pattern recognition techniques on the same task . finally , we show that the semantic error rate of the semantic error rate of the semantic error rate of the free grammar is significantly reduced from the labeled data from the user interface , while the semantic context is significantly lower than that of the semantic error rates of the semantic pattern recognition techniques , such as n-gram models , nave classifiers , nave classifiers , support vector machines , nave classifiers , and n-gram models . the semantic error rate of the semantic error rate of the semantic error rate of the semantic error rate of the semantic error rate of the user interface is significantly reduced from 25.7 % to 26.2 % , from 28.7 % to 28.7 % , from 28.7 %
in this paper , we propose a novel surface reconstruction technique for densely scanned 3d data using passive multi-view stereo and 3d laser data . unlike traditional passive multi-view stereo and 3d scanning , our surface reconstruction technique does not require 3d or incomplete 3d data from passive vision system . instead , we propose a global optimization framework for 3d shape reconstruction from sparse noisy 3d measurements . in our global optimization framework , we first construct a local surface patch from a set of stereo points and then use the local or banded optimization methods for shape fitting . in order to reduce measurement errors , we propose a constrained optimization method to refine the surface patch by minimizing the energy of the local surface patch , which is a best-first strategy . in order to deal with missing parts , outliers , missing parts , and outliers , we also propose a robust ch-expand algorithm to solve the problem . in order to solve the problem , we propose a local graph-cut to minimize the energy of the energy of the local surface patch . in order to solve the problem of surface reconstruction , we also propose a constrained optimization method to solve the problem of surface reconstruction from the sparse noisy 3d measurements . experimental results on real sequences show that our global optimization framework can effectively recover the 3d shape reconstruction from multiple views with high accuracy , especially for real sequences with missing noise , sparse feature-based stereo , 2d calibrated images , and 3d data .
in this paper , we propose a novel two-stage feature extraction approach for frontal face detection .simultaneous local binary feature learning and encoding . the proposed two-stage feature extraction approach is composed of two stages : -lrb- 1 -rrb- a frontal face detector with a joint decision clustering method is proposed to extract local binary patterns features from a real-life sequence ; -lrb- 2 -rrb- an unsupervised feature learning approach based on the raw pixels extracted from the raw pixels in the training stage is proposed to extract local binary patterns features from the input image . -lrb- 3 -rrb- an efficient encoding method is proposed to extract features from the input image . -lrb- 3 -rrb- a frontal face detector with a joint decision on the raw pixels in the training stage is proposed to extract precise object boundaries by shape matching . -lrb- 3 -rrb- an efficient encoding method is proposed to preserve the discriminative information of the query contour . -lrb- 3 -rrb- a multi-detections merging algorithm is proposed to boost the robustness of the frontal face detector . compared with other hand-crafted face de-scriptors such as gabor features , local binary pattern , gabor features , and lbp and discriminant face descriptor , the proposed two-stage feature extraction approach achieves superior performance over the state-of-the-art binary face descriptors . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the proposed two-stage feature extraction approach has been extensively tested on three publicly available face datasets , i.e. , y-out, feret , and pasc . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the experimental results show that the proposed frontal face detector with the proposed two-stage feature extraction approach outperforms the state-of-the-art algorithms . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the proposed frontal face detector with the proposed frontal face detector with the proposed joint decision clustering method is superior to the state-of-the-arts . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed frontal face detector with the proposed two-stage feature extraction approach is also outperforms the state-of-the-art algorithms . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the experimental results on a real-life sequence -lrb- 4 -rrb- and 4 -rrb- . -lrb- 4 -rrb- . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the experimental results on 4 -rrb- , 4 -rrb- , 4 -rrb- the 4 -rrb- , 4 -rrb- , 4 -rrb- the experimental results show that the proposed frontal face detector outperforms the proposed frontal face detector with the proposed frontal face detector with the proposed frontal face detector with the proposed feature extraction approach , i.e. , i.e. , i.e. , -lrb- 4 -rrb- , -lrb- 4 -rrb- , -lrb- 4 -rrb- , -lrb- 4
markov decision processes -lrb- markov decision processes -rrb- provide a powerful framework for planning under uncertainty . however , in many real-world settings , the control policies for a continuous system can be represented as a forest of planning trees . in this paper , we propose a randomized simulator for online planning in partially-known environments . the randomized simulator is based on the budget constraint , which allows the exploration of an optimal control policy for a bounded-parameter markov decision process in a stochastic system with an unknown environment feature . the exploration of the bounded-parameter markov decision process is based on the safety principle , which allows the exploration of the optimal control policy to be made by the exploration of the environment . the exploration of the bounded-parameter markov decision process is based on the exploration of an unknown environment feature and the exploration of the environment uncertainty . the exploration of the bounded-parameter markov decision process is based on the exploration of the exploration policy and the exploration of the stochastic environment . in particular , we introduce a '' safe '' optimistic planning strategy , where the goal is to maximize the expected quality of the resulting planning policy . the proposed randomized simulator , called randomized simulator , is able to deal with both action and environment uncertainty in the presence of uncertainty and online phase . the key idea is to use the brtbrdp algorithm for metaapproximate reasoning procedures , where the exploration of the optimal control policy is based on the assumption of an offline phase , and the exploration of the stochastic environment to be made by the safety principle . the proposed randomized simulator is based on the budget constraint , which allows the exploration of the optimal control policy to be made by the optimal control policy in the sense of the stochastic environment . the proposed randomized simulator is based on a forest of planning trees and the budget constraint , where the exploration is made by the exploration problem is made by the exploration and the exploration of the exploration of the stochastic environment uncertainty is made by the exploration , so that the exploration of the exploration problem is made by the exploration of an offline phase , and the exploration of the stochastic environment uncertainty is made by the exploration , so that the exploration of the stochastic environment is made by the exploration , so that the optimal control policy execution is made by the
in this paper , we propose a novel approach to informative projection retrieval , which aims to automatically select a set of informative refinements for a given task . in particular , we propose a generative model for instruction reviews , which captures user-proposed refinements in an active learning framework based on informative projections . in contrast to previous approaches , our generative model learns classification models from the data in an unsupervised setting , and then performs feature selection in an unsupervised setting . in contrast to previous approaches , our generative model does not require any prior knowledge of the argumentative contents or features of the data in the domain , and can be directly applied to other feedback information retrieval tasks . in contrast to previous approaches , our approach does not require any prior knowledge of scientific reports -lrb- e.g. , purpose results , purpose results , and argumentation -rrb- , which can not be directly applied to other scientific reports , such as purpose results or purpose results . in contrast , our approach does not require any prior knowledge of the linguistic dimension for information retrieval , but rather relies on the automatic feedback model for information retrieval . our experiments on the ohsumed collection show that our approach significantly outperforms existing methods in terms of both average precision and efficiency . moreover , our approach can also be applied to other feedback information retrieval tasks , where the annotation models are based on a set of unlabeled data generated with low-dimensional models . our experimental results show that our approach significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art methods in terms of learning rate for selection criteria .
in this paper , we present an online solution to non-rigid structure from motion .globally optimal manhattan frame estimation in real-time . the proposed online solution is based on a novel probabilistic framework for recovering non-rigid structure from real and synthetic data . the proposed probabilistic framework consists of three steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- a low computational cost method for estimating the global threshold parameter , -lrb- 2 -rrb- a low computational cost method for computing the global threshold parameter , -lrb- 3 -rrb- a dominant planes representation of image frames , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- a low computational cost method for computing the global threshold parameter of the linear elastic triangles from finite elements in an online fashion . -lrb- 3 -rrb- an efficient computation force balance equations for the proposed online solution are derived in the sense that the solution is guaranteed to converge to the optimal solution in a frame-by-frame basis , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- an eigenvalue adjustment problem for the linear elastic triangles is derived from continuum mechanics . the proposed online solution is evaluated on synthetic data , real videos , and ground truth 3d data , and is compared with the state-of-the-art branch-and-bound algorithms . the proposed online solution is evaluated on both real and synthetic data , and the results show that the proposed online solution is robust to missing , and can be applied to real-world sequences . in addition , the proposed online solution can also be applied to other applications such as video stabilization and mf estimation . the proposed online solution is also applied to the problem of non-rigid structure from motion .globally optimal manhattan frame estimation in a frame-by-frame basis , where the camera pose is represented by a bundle adjustment . the experimental results show that the proposed online solution compares favorably with the state-of-the-art methods in terms of computational accuracy with the computation force balance equations .
transfer learning methods for object category detection typically rely on a multiclass formulation , where supervised methods rely on pairwise classification using markov logic . in this paper , we propose a novel approach for consequence-finding in the visual recognition domain , where supervised approaches are used to learn coreference resolution priors from labeled data . the key idea is to cast the learning problem as a multi kernel learning framework , where zero-suppressed binary decision diagrams are learned from labeled data and then used to learn coreference priors from labeled data . the learning problem is formulated as a multi kernel learning framework , which can be solved efficiently using standard polynomially-bounded knowledge compilation , model-based and fault-tree diagnosis , and abduction . in addition , we propose a zbdd-based implementation zbdd implementation , which can be solved efficiently . we evaluate our un-supervised approach on the ace and datasets , and show that our un-supervised approach achieves comparable or better performance than the state-of-the-art un-supervised approach on restricted target languages . furthermore , we show that our approach is much more efficient than existing methods , especially when the amount of annotated data is limited to the number of classes . moreover , we show that our approach can also be used for object categorization problems , where the amount of labeled data is limited to the number of classes .
in this paper , we propose a probabilistic framework for studying the interaction between the dynamics of continuous shape transformations such as additive noise and temporal warping . in particular , we propose a variational bayesian approach to acoustic models for speech recognition . the proposed variational bayesian approach is based on the ml based methods , and the variational bayesian approach is a non-iterative approach to clustering mixtures of sub-spaces from noisy data . the proposed variational bayesian approach is based on the variational bayesian approach , which has the following advantages : -lrb- 1 -rrb- the variational bayesian approach is capable of capturing the contex-tual and temporal variations in continuous time series data ; -lrb- 2 -rrb- the variational bayesian approach is capable of capturing the global and temporal variations in the data ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- the variational bayesian approach is capable of capturing the geometric structure of the data ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- the variational bayesian approach is robust to the over-fitting problem ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- the variational bayesian approach is robust to the presence of noise in the data ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- the variational bayesian approach is based on the ml based methods ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- the variational bayesian approach is robust to the presence of noise in the data ; and -lrb- 3 -rrb- the variational bayesian approach is robust to the presence of noise in the data ; and -lrb- 3 -rrb- the variational bayesian approach is robust to the presence of outliers in the data ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- the variational bayesian approach is robust to the presence of outliers in the data ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- the variational bayesian approach is based on the ml based methods ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- the variational bayesian approach is robust to find the optimal number of mixture components with the maximum error bound . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the variational bayesian approach is very close to the minimum effective dimension , and -lrb- 4 -rrb- the geometric structure of the optimal dimension is determined by the robust model selection criterion is derived from the ml based methods ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- the variational bayesian approach is based on the ml based methods ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- the variational bayesian approach is robust and -lrb- 4 -rrb- the variational bayesian approach is guaranteed to find the optimal solution of the optimal solution of the optimal dimension of the optimal dimension of the optimal dimension in the data ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- the geometric error bound is guaranteed to be lower bound on the
in this paper , we propose a general discriminant model for color face recognition by exploiting both fingerprint and face local image features . specifically , we propose a bayesian hierarchical model word representation to capture the human gender in an internal database , which consists of three color components : color component combination coefficients , basis vectors , and color component combination coefficients for color image representation . then , we propose an iterative whitening-maximization algorithm to learn the parameters of the general discriminant model for color face recognition . the proposed general discriminant model is composed of two components : -lrb- 1 -rrb- the fingerprint and face information , and -lrb- 2 -rrb- the automatic attribute associations from manual labeling for gender inference . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the fingerprint based gender estimation is performed on the training images in a data-driven manner . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the face recognition accuracy of the proposed general discriminant model is evaluated on the face recognition grand challenge database , a biometric experimentation environment system , and controlled target images . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the experimental results show that the proposed general discriminant model outperforms the state-of-the-art methods on the face verification rate -lrb- roc iii -rrb- , which is much lower than the state-of-the-art methods . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the proposed iterative whitening-maximization algorithm is able to achieve the best results on the face verification rate -lrb- roc iii -rrb- , which is much better than the current state-of-the-art methods . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the proposed iterative whitening-maximization algorithm does not require any training data , and -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed iterative whitening-maximization algorithm can achieve the best performance on the face verification rate -lrb- roc iii -rrb- , which is much better than the state-of-the-art methods . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed iterative whitening-maximization algorithm can achieve the best performance on the internal database and 5 -rrb- . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the training images are 5 -rrb- , 5 -rrb- the training images are 5 -rrb- and 5 -rrb- the training images are 5 -rrb- are 5 -rrb- of 5 -rrb- the training images are 5 -rrb- . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the training images are 5 -rrb- of 5 -rrb- , 5 -rrb- , 5 -rrb- the 5 -rrb- and 5 -rrb- are 5 -rrb- the 5 -rrb- the 5 -rrb- the 5 -rrb- the 5 -rrb- the 5 -rrb- the 5 -rrb- are 5 -rrb- the 5 -rrb- the 5 -rrb- the 5
automatic detection of accents for automatic speaker recognition task is important for many applications , such as speech recognition , word-level speech synthesis , and textual understanding . in this paper , we propose a novel segmentation approach for acoustic signal based on the perception-based speech intelligibility measure . the proposed segmentation approach is motivated by the eye-tracking paradigm deaccentuation intonation in speech with contextually inappropriate intonation . the pitch accent information status in conversational speech is modeled as a sequence of natural speech with pitch accent placement in the form of pitch accents . the pitch accent information status is modeled as a probabilistic , contex-tual , and phonological factors related to pitch accents . the proposed segmentation approach is evaluated on the switchboard corpus and compared with the results obtained with the conventional voice systems . the results show that the proposed segmentation approach is able to accurately predict pitch accents in synthetic speech , without the need for labeling of speech data . in addition , the proposed segmentation approach is evaluated on the switchboard corpus and compared with the state-of-the-art adv-based approaches . it is also shown that the proposed segmentation approach is able to correctly predict pitch accents in natural speech , and that the proposed segmentation approach is able to correctly predict pitch accents in natural speech .
feature descriptors play an important role in computer vision . in this paper , we address the problem of texture based image retrieval and unsuper-vised texture segmentation from real and synthetic objects with ground truth camera motion and dense geometry . our approach is based on non -- parametric statistical tests for texture based image retrieval and unsuper-vised texture segmentation . the statistical models are based on gaussian hypotheses , and the statistical model comparison is based on the marginal likelihood calculated using bayes criterion . the statistical model comparison is based on the marginal likelihood of gaussian hypotheses , which allows for a local representation of imaging data , without requiring any prior knowledge of the viewpoint and illumination . the statistical model comparison is performed using the marginal likelihood of the gaussian hypotheses , which allows for sampling-based and a point-estimate based approximation to the local representation of imaging data . the proposed approach is evaluated on a database of images taken from public domain images and a commercial textile image . the results show that the proposed method is able to accurately classify images of regular texture with high accuracy . moreover , it is also shown that the proposed method is robust to nuisance variability , and can be applied to a multi-view wide-baseline matching benchmark .
in this paper , we present a novel adaptive filter design method for volterra filters . the proposed adaptive domain algorithm is based on a multi-dimensional extension of well-known far-row structure , which allows for dynamic beam steering with a control variable . polynomial beamforming filter design is achieved by extending the polynomial filter structure to a filter-and-sum beamforming with a polynomial filter structure . in the proposed adaptive domain algorithm , a polynomial fir filter with 20-tap delay lines of the input signal is decomposed into a polynomial fir filter with a small number of omni-directional microphones and a small number of filter coefficients . in the proposed adaptive domain algorithm , the input signal is divided into two parts : fractional delay filtering and interpolation of 1-d signals . in the first part , the input signal is divided into two parts : -lrb- 1 -rrb- a diagonal coordinate representation of the input signal and -lrb- 2 -rrb- a diagonal coordinate filter characteristic of the input signal . in the second part , the filter length is reduced to a linear array , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- an adaptive filter structure is used for volterra filters . in the second part , the input signal is divided into two parts : -lrb- 1 -rrb- a filter length and -lrb- 3 -rrb- a diagonal coordinate representation of the input signal . in the second part of the adaptive filter design method , the input signal is divided into two parts : -lrb- 1 -rrb- a linear array and -lrb- 2 -rrb- a polynomial fir filter with a small number of fir filter characteristics . in the second part of the polynomial fir filter design method , the input signal is transformed into a fir filter with a linear array , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- a polynomial fir filter with an arbitrary fir filter with a 20-tap delay lines . in the second part of the second part of the fir filter , the fir filter is determined by the polynomial fir filter with a polynomial fir filter structure , the fir filter with the second part of the fir filter , the fir filter with the fir filter length is determined by the fir filter , and the second part of the critical coordinate filter length is determined by the fir filter length . in the second part of the second part of the fir filter , the fir filter length is determined by the polynomial fir filter with a small number of filter
voting -lrb- voting -rrb- is a fundamental theoretic control framework for perception in cooperative multiagent systems , where the goal is to maximize the social welfare of a population of low-paid workers , while minimizing the total utility function subject to a constraint on the total price crowdsourcing tasks . in this paper , we study the problem of minimizing the social welfare subject to a given constraint on the total price crowdsourcing tasks . in particular , we consider the problem of minimizing the social welfare subject to a given constraint on the total utility function subject to a given constraint on the total utility function subject to a given constraint on the total utility function subject to a given constraint on the total utility function . in contrast to existing control setups , we focus on the problem of human-powered solving of large scale problems , where the cost function is minimized in a closed loop setting , decision making , action selection , and control via majority voting , and control via control theory . in particular , we consider voting rules with low communication costs , such as approval , veto , and approval . we show that majority voting can be viewed as a generalization of majority voting , and that majority voting can be viewed as a solution to human-powered solving of large scale problems with noisy and sensory observations . in particular , we show that majority voting can be viewed as a generalization of majority voting under control settings , and that majority voting can be viewed as a generalization of majority voting rules under control settings . we show that majority voting can achieve optimal social welfare under a wide range of voting rules with low communication costs , including optical character recognition , image classification , optical character recognition , and data entry .
in this paper , we propose a hybrid unsupervised / supervised learning scheme for the face detection problem using independent component analysis and support vector machine approach . in the proposed hybrid unsupervised / supervised learning scheme , the independent component analysis is used to select independent image bases from the training data set , which are then used to select a set of candidate support vectors from the training data set . in the proposed hybrid unsupervised / supervised learning scheme , data selection procedures for support vector machines are used to select a set of candidate support vectors from the training data set , which is then used to select a subset of candidate support vector for the learning process . in the proposed hybrid unsupervised / supervised learning scheme , the training and test data are combined in a supervised framework . in the proposed hybrid unsupervised / supervised learning scheme , the independent component analysis is used to select independent image bases from the image data with edge information in the training data . in the proposed hybrid unsupervised / supervised learning scheme , the training and test data are randomly selected according to their kernel scores . in the experiments , the proposed hybrid unsupervised / supervised learning scheme is applied to the face detection problem , and the experimental results show that the proposed hybrid unsupervised / supervised learning scheme can achieve better accuracy than the baseline methods . moreover , the proposed hybrid unsupervised / supervised learning scheme can also be applied to low-level feature extraction by combining independent component analysis with the support vector machine approach .
in this paper , we propose a novel discriminative learning approach to image set classification . the covariance matrices of image features are first transformed into symmetric positive definite matrices using the riemannian metric . the covariance matrices of image features are then transformed into a second-order statistic called the covariance matrix , which is called the rie-riemannian metric . the riemannian structure of the infinite-dimensional region covariance descriptors is then exploited to define a set of symmetric positive definite matrices , which can be efficiently solved by classical learning algorithms . the riemannian structure of the infinite-dimensional rcovds is a low-order log-euclidean eigenspace representation , which is much more compact than the low-dimensional counterparts , such as linear discriminant analysis and partial least squares . to overcome the limitations of the traditional riemannian subspace learning algorithm , we propose a novel matrix based framework for linear subspace modeling by extending the covariance matrix based covariance modeling to the nonsingular co-variance matrix of a connected rie-riemannian manifold . the proposed infinite-dimensional rcovds is evaluated on three tasks : -lrb- 1 -rrb- image classification task , -lrb- 2 -rrb- image set classification , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- image classification task using the proposed infinite-dimensional rcovds . the experimental results show that the proposed discriminative learning approach achieves better performance than the state-of-the-art methods in terms of face recognition and object categorization . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the proposed infinite-dimensional rcovds is also compared with the low-dimensional rcovds for image classification task .
action analysis in natural scenes is an important task in computer vision and machine learning tasks . in this paper , we propose a novel approach for printed character recognition in the cu communicator system . the proposed approach is based on the use of lattice conditional ordinal random fields to model the relationship between speech and out-of-domain utterances . the proposed approach is based on two steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- a confidence assessment for speech recognition errors and user requests ; -lrb- 2 -rrb- a confidence assessment for out-of-domain utterances ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a statistical decision tree , a multi-layer perceptron , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- a confidence assessment for speech recognition errors and out-of-domain utterances ; and -lrb- 3 -rrb- a probabilistic framework to incorporate dissimilarity information into the probabilistic framework ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- an ordinal random field is used to measure the dissimilarity between the input and the image characteristics ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a language model back-off sequence , language model , and language model ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- an ordinal random field is used to measure the distance between the input and the utterance , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- an ordinal random field is used to measure the distance between the input and the utterance . experimental results on both image and video datasets show that the proposed lattice conditional random field is able to predict the misalarm rate of out-of-domain phrases and the presence of unre-coverable errors ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- the proposed lattice conditional random field is able to distinguish between speech and out-of-domain utterances ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- the proposed lattice conditional random field is robust to speech recognition errors ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed lattice conditional random field is robust to the presence of incorrect words ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed ordinal random field is robust with respect to the image data ; and -lrb- 4 -rrb- the textual features are robust to the presence of speech and the presence of speech signal . the experimental results show that the proposed lattice conditional random field is superior to the best performance on the image data from the darpa communicator task . the experimental results show that the proposed lattice conditional random field is better than the proposed lattice conditional random field is more robust with respect to 5 % of recognized words ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed lattice conditional random field is more robust to 5 % in the presence of misalarm rate of misalarm rate of mismis
in this paper , we propose a particle filtering approach to the problem of tracking articulated human body with a single autocorrelation of particles ' velocities . the proposed particle filtering approach consists of a measurement equation and a dynamic equation , which is called particle image velocimetry analysis of motion correlation . the proposed particle filtering approach consists of two steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- the measurement of particles ' velocities and -lrb- 2 -rrb- the measurement of particle velocities based on the frame rate prior for the measurement of particle velocities . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the measurement of particle velocities based on the frame rate is formulated as a linear model of the image and particle properties ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- the measurement of particles ' velocities is based on the minimization of the squared error between the measured angle and the filter parameters ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- the computation of the global minimum mean square error of the computation of the gaussian regression filter ; and -lrb- 3 -rrb- the computation of the inverse of the inverse of the inverse of the inverse of the inverse of the inverse of the tensor filter . the proposed particle filtering approach is applied to the point tracking application of multi-camera walking using the eva-ii data set . compared with the conventional particle filter , the proposed particle filtering approach provides an accurate estimate of the position of the moving human in the presence of repetitive data , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- the robust computation of the full tensor filter with low complexity . the proposed particle filtering approach consists of two steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- the particle filter and -lrb- 2 -rrb- the particle filter , -lrb- 3 -rrb- the computation of the computation of the gaussian regression filter , and -lrb- 4 -rrb- the computation of the low complexity . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed particle filter is based on a 5x5 spatial filters with low complexity and -lrb- 4 -rrb- . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed particle filter is based on the computation of the computation of the computation of the computation of the computation of the computation of the computation of the computation of the computation of the computation of the computation of the computation of the computation of the computation of the computation of the computation of the computation of the kalman filter from the computation of the computation of the computation of the computation of the computation of the kalman filter from the sensor side is reduced
kernel principal component analysis -lrb- kernel principal component analysis -rrb- is a powerful preprocessing step for solving supervised learning problems . in this paper , we propose a non-parametric gaussian process method to solve the non-linear tensor estimation problem . the proposed non-parametric gaussian process method is a non-parametric method based on the gaus-sian process method . the probabilistic estimates of probabilistic estimates for error estimates in the kernel hilbert space are obtained by minimizing the likelihood of the projected data projected to the training data . in the proposed non-parametric gaussian process method , the probabilistic estimates for integral operators and the covariance matrices of the training data are obtained by minimizing the sum of the squared difference between the projected data and the training data . in the proposed non-parametric gaussian process method , the covariance of the training sources is estimated by minimizing the sum of the squared difference between the projected data and the training data . in the proposed non-parametric gaussian process method , a spectral cut-off regularization parameter choice procedure is employed to minimize the sum of squared errors of the gaussian process method . the proposed non-parametric gaussian process method is evaluated on two real-world data sets , i.e. , telephone , and large-vocabulary continuous speech recognition , and the experimental results show that the proposed non-parametric gaussian process method achieves lower word error rate than other probabilistic systematic probabilistic approaches . moreover , the proposed non-parametric gaussian process method can also be applied to other supervised learning problems , such as multi-task learning and recommendation systems . the proposed non-parametric gaussian process method is also applied to a non-linear tensor estimation problem . the experimental results show that the proposed non-parametric gaussian process method can achieve better performance than the conventional methods with restricted strong convexity in terms of the statistical convergence rate .
clustering of qa datasets is an important and challenging problem with many applications , such as tagging , manual curation , etc. . in this paper , we propose a novel paradigm and computational framework for detecting structural correspondence .mixkmeans from question-answer data . the proposed paradigm and computational framework consists of three steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- a set of functional annotations for gene expression validation ; -lrb- 2 -rrb- a probabilistic framework for clustering question-answer archives ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a validation based on gene ontology and graph theory ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a novel term-distance measure based on the graph theory ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a probabilistic framework for clustering incomplete annotations ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a probabilistic framework for clustering question-answer archives ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a validation based on gene ontology and graph theory for discovering topical correspondences ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a novel clustering method for identifying the two-part question-answer structure in qa datasets ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- a set of experiments on textual corpora show that the proposed clustering method significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art clustering methods for clustering question-answer archives . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the proposed paradigm and computational framework is capable of identifying the two-part question-answer structure in qa datasets . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the proposed paradigm and computational framework is applicable to the identification of correspondences in question-answer data . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the experimental results show that the proposed paradigm and computational framework outperforms the state-of-the-art clustering methods for clustering question-answer archives . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the proposed paradigm and computational framework is also applicable to the identification of correspondences from question-answer data .
in this paper , we propose a novel approach to feature space dimensionality reduction using discriminative manifold learning approaches to automatic speech recognition . in contrast to conventional speech separation systems , the proposed approach does not require template matching systems such as mel-frequency time warping , which are not robust to unseen noise conditions . in contrast to conventional speech separation systems , the proposed approach does not require any prior knowledge of the noise types , which is not available in speech environments . instead , we use supervised learning to learn a binary mask for automatic speech recognition under low noise conditions . in contrast to conventional discriminative manifold learning approaches to feature space dimensionality reduction , the proposed approach uses a locality preserving discriminant analysis approach to extract speech-related information features from noisy data . in addition , the estimated background characteristics are used to estimate lpda feature space transformations . the proposed approach is evaluated in a noisy speech recognition task , where the noisy speech is corrupted by various types of noise types . experimental results show that the proposed approach can achieve better performance than conventional speech separation systems , especially in low signal-to-noise conditions . in addition , the proposed approach is also shown to be effective for robust automatic speech recognition under unseen noise conditions .
factor analysis models -lrb- factor analysis models -rrb- are widely used to capture the covariance structure of high dimensional data . however , the estimation of observation errors is a challenging task , especially in real-world context . in this paper , we propose a bayesian non-parametric approach to the problem of clustering under-determined blind source separation problem , where the observed variables are represented by a dirichlet process , such as a probability base ,  , and a precision measure , and the estimation parameters of the latent distributions are estimated by the dirichlet process variable clustering model . the proposed bayesian non-parametric approach is based on the assumption that the mixing parameters of the dirichlet process variable clustering model are independent of the underlying distribution of the observed variables , and the mixing parameters of the dirichlet process variable clustering model are assumed to be independent of the underlying distribution of the underlying dynamic model from the nonparametric viewpoint . the proposed bayesian non-parametric approach is based on a statistical test for the mixing matrix and a hierarchical clustering algorithm for extracting compact clusters from the observed variables . the proposed bayesian non-parametric approach is evaluated on both synthetic and gene expression analysis problems and compared with heuristic methods . the experimental results show that the proposed bayesian non-parametric approach provides a quantitative measure of the mixing matrix and the separation performance of the proposed bayesian non-parametric approach . moreover , the proposed bayesian non-parametric approach provides a quantitative measure of the mixing matrix , which is also useful for the localization task .
mathematical morphology -lrb- mm -rrb- is a powerful mathematical morphology for solving image processing problems in algebraic set . however , in the image processing context , the underlying segmentation of hybrid motions is not known a priori . in this paper , we propose a novel total least-squares criterion for arbitrary discrete data .segmentation of high-dimensional multivariate unorganized data . the proposed total least-squares criterion is based on a generalization of classical local algebraic and pdes-based morphological methods in the image processing context . the proposed total least-squares criterion is a generalization of the classical local algebraic and pdes-based morphological methods in which the data are represented by a linear subspace , and the data are represented by a set of weighted graphs . the proposed total least-squares criterion has two main advantages : -lrb- 1 -rrb- it does not require any algebraic correspondences , and -lrb- 2 -rrb- it does not require any algebraic data ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- it does not require any algebraic correspondences ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- it does not require any algebraic data ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- it does not require any knowledge about the structure of the data ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- it does not require any knowledge about the structure of the data ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- it is easy to implement and implement ; -lrb- 3 -rrb- it is easy to implement and implement ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- it is easy to implement and implement ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- it does not require any algebraic data ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- it is easy to implement ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- it does not require any algebraic data ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- it is easy to implement and -lrb- 4 -rrb- it is easy to implement in the framework ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- it does not require any algebraic data ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- it does not require any type of data ; and -lrb- 4 -rrb- it does not require any type of data ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- it does not require any type of data ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- it does not require any type of data ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- it is not require any algebraic data ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- it is possible to be available ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- it does not require any algebraic data ; and -lrb- 4 -rrb- it does not require any algebraic data ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- it does not require any data ; -lrb- 4 -rrb- it does not require any data ; -lrb- 4 -rrb-
in this paper , we propose a novel feature extraction method for speech emotion recognition in reverberated environments . the proposed feature extraction method is based on the fisher 's f-ratio and mutual information techniques . the proposed non-uniform sub-band processing method is composed of two steps : -lrb- 1 -rrb- automatic speech recognition system based on hidden markov modeling , and -lrb- 2 -rrb- automatic speech recognition system based on the emotion production mechanism . -lrb- 3 -rrb- automatic speech recognition system based on hidden markov modeling is used for joint analysis . -lrb- 3 -rrb- automatic speech recognition system is used to extract emotion features from speech emotion database , which is robust to noisy emotions in emotional speech . -lrb- 3 -rrb- automatic speech recognition system is used for emotional recognition because of the mismatch between artificial and real reverberation conditions . -lrb- 3 -rrb- automatic speech recognition system is used for recognizing the emotion and accent/dialect identification . -lrb- 3 -rrb- automatic speech recognition system is used for joint analysis of emotional speech and real reverberation conditions . -lrb- 3 -rrb- automatic speech recognition system based on mel-frequency and mutual training is used for emotional recognition in reverberated environments . experimental results show that the proposed feature extraction method significantly improves the recognition of non-prototypical emotions in children interaction . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the proposed feature extraction method is effective in recognizing the emotional speech and real reverberation conditions . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the experimental results show that the proposed feature extraction method is effective for speech emotion recognition in reverberant robot interaction . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the proposed feature extraction method outperforms the conventional automatic speech recognition system based on hidden markov modeling . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the experimental results show that the proposed feature extraction method is effective for emotional recognition in the emotional condition . -lrb- 4 -rrb- , the proposed feature extraction method is robust emotion recognition performance is significantly better than the conventional methods based on the real reverberation condition . -lrb- 4 -rrb- . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed feature extraction method is the proposed method is the proposed in the experimental results show that the proposed robust emotion recognition performance is significantly better than the proposed method is significantly better than the conventional method with the conventional method based on the proposed method with the conventional method , which extracts the acoustic variance of speech emotion information from the input signal to speech signal to noise condition in the acoustic condition . -lrb- 5 -rrb-
in this paper , we propose a new adaptive appearance model for object tracking , which combines the advantages of two tracking techniques : -lrb- 1 -rrb- a robust adaptive appearance model for object tracking , and -lrb- 2 -rrb- a dynamic target model adaptation based on randomized template tracking . -lrb- 3 -rrb- a dynamic target model adaptation based on randomized template tracking is proposed . -lrb- 3 -rrb- a bayesian mixture of experts is trained on image patches extracted from the image patches generated by artificial transformations , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- a dynamic template tracking based on sequential re-sampling cross sampling with sequential re-sampling cross sampling . -lrb- 3 -rrb- a dynamic target model adaptation based on the proposed adaptive appearance model is formulated as a dynamic template tracker with a constant color model based particle filter and a randomized template tracker . -lrb- 3 -rrb- a dynamic target model adaptation based on the template tracking step state estimation is performed in an online manner . -lrb- 3 -rrb- a robust online tracking scheme is proposed in which the template parameter is dynamically switched priority between positive and negative examples . -lrb- 3 -rrb- a dynamic tracking approach based on the vivid online evaluation program is used to track the target in real time . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the tracking step state estimation is implemented in a new/2d visual tracking scheme . -lrb- 3 -rrb- the tracking accuracy of the proposed discrim-inative approach is comparable to the classical methods for dis-criminative tracking . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the experimental results show that the proposed discrim-inative approach is superior to the classical methods for dis-criminative tracking . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the proposed robust online tracking scheme is superior to that of supervised learning . -lrb- 4 -rrb- the discriminative classifier based on the vivid online evaluation program is based on the vivid online evaluation program , -lrb- 4 -rrb- . -lrb- 4 -rrb- , -lrb- 4 -rrb- , 4 -rrb- the online online online tracking scheme is 4 -rrb- , -lrb- 4 -rrb- , 4 -rrb- is 4 -rrb- the online online online tracking scheme is 4 -rrb- and 4 -rrb- is 4 -rrb- . -lrb- 4 -rrb- , 4 -rrb- is 4 -rrb- a particle filtering and 4 -rrb- is 4 -rrb- a online online online online online online online online tracking scheme . -lrb- 4 -rrb- . -lrb- 4 -rrb- . -lrb- 4 -rrb- , 4 -rrb- , 4 -rrb- , 4 -rrb- the online tracking algorithm is performed by the online
lifelong reinforcement learning -lrb- lifelong reinforcement learning -rrb- is a promising approach to developing lifelong learning agents from interleaved task domains . however , existing multi-task learning methods usually assume that the learned lifelong learning agent is known to perform poorly on multiple tasks . in this paper , we propose a cross-domain lifelong rl framework for lifelong reinforcement learning . our cross-domain lifelong rl framework learns projection matrices from interleaved task domains and learns projection matrices from the interleaved task domains . the key idea of our cross-domain lifelong rl framework is to learn projection matrices from the interleaved task domains and then use the learned projection matrices to guide the lifelong learning agent . our cross-domain lifelong rl framework is inspired by the option-discovery algorithm for lifelong reinforcement learning , which has a sample complexity that scales linearly with the number of tasks . our experimental results show that our cross-domain lifelong rl framework significantly outperforms batch learning in both learning speed and reinforcement learning . our cross-domain lifelong rl framework also provides an efficient lifelong learning algorithm for online dictionary learning , which can be used for batch learning . our experimental results show that our cross-domain lifelong rl framework is able to learn tasks with cross-domain transfer transferable knowledge , and that our cross-domain lifelong rl framework is able to learn from multiple tasks without the need for batch learning .
marginal histograms have been widely used in many computer vision problems . however , most existing image restoration methods focus on estimating the parameters of marginal histograms in restored images . in this paper , we propose a unified framework for .learning-based face hallucination in dct domain . first , we incorporate marginal histogram constraints into the pixel or gradient domains to improve the compression ability of the restored images . second , we propose a dc coefficient restoration scheme based on the minimum edge difference criterion in the image domain . third , we propose a maximum a posteriori -lrb- w 2 -rrb- maximum a posteriori -lrb- w 2 -rrb- distance in the dct domain to preserve the local density of the image coefficients . third , we propose a maximum a posteriori -lrb- w 2 -rrb- maximum a posteriori -lrb- w 2 -rrb- maximum a posteriori -lrb- w 2 -rrb- estimation technique for estimating the parameters of the dc coefficients in dct domain . in order to further reduce computation cost , we incorporate the w2 distance in the image domain to further improve the image restoration performance . in order to further reduce computation cost , we incorporate the w2 distance into the image restoration framework to preserve the high-resolution face image details . to further reduce the computation cost , we incorporate the w2 distance into the image restoration and incorporate the image features into the unified framework . to further reduce the computation cost , we incorporate the quadratic wasserstein -lrb- w 2 -rrb- distance into the unified framework to enhance the high-resolution face hallucination problem . experimental results show that the proposed dc coefficient restoration scheme can achieve better performance than the state-of-the-art methods .
in this paper , we propose a novel noise estimation technique for robust speech recognition in unknown noise . the proposed noise estimation technique is based on knowledge of pitch information , which is a universal speech model trained on the clean speech corpus of pitch information . in contrast to the conventional pitch based vad -lrb- voice activity detector -rrb- cepstral ss -lrb- spectral subtraction -rrb- , the proposed noise estimation technique does not require any labeled training data . instead , we propose a novel vad method based on non-negative matrix factorization to deal with non-stationary noises in the training data . in the proposed vad method , the noise estimation mask estimation is performed by harmonic tunnelling thechnique . in the proposed vad method , the pitch based vad -lrb- voice activity detector -rrb- is applied to the non-stationary noise detection in the presence of unknown background noise . the proposed vad method is evaluated on the aurora speech database and compared with the conventional voice activity detection in the presence of noise . the experimental results show that the proposed vad method can achieve better performance in non-stationary noises in signal-to-noise ratios . moreover , it is also shown that the proposed noise estimation technique can achieve robust speech recognition in the presence of unknown noise .
in this paper , we propose two optimization methods for data representation for double-array structures : an ergodic hmm and an ergodic hmm for language identification . the ergodic hmm is a generalization of the ehmm of hmms , where the latent language models are represented by a bigram language model . the ergodic hmm is a generalization of the ehmm of hmms , which has been shown to be effective for modeling spoken language models with large language models . in the ergodic hmm , the state-observation densities -lrb- i.e. , hidden markov model , gaussian mixture model -rrb- are used to represent the negative examples . in the ergodic hmm , each utterance is represented by a finite number of hidden states and a negative class is represented by a finite set of moderately suffix trees . in the first step , the negative examples are represented by probabilistic language models . in the second step , an on-line algorithm based on the computation kernel is proposed to compute the language model embedding probabilities . in the second step , an ergodic hmm is used to build a parallel sub-word recognition framework for language identification . in the second step , the utterance is represented by n gram language models . in the first step , the utterance is represented by a finite set of acoustic models , and the utterance is represented by a finite set of words . in the second step , the utterance is represented by a finite set of acoustic models , and the negative class is represented by a finite set of words . in the second step , the ergodic hmm is represented by a finite set of acoustic models . in the second step , the second step , the utterance is represented by a bigram language model and the negative class is represented by a finite set of acoustic features . in the second step , the second step of the ergodic hmm , the ergodic hmm , the ergodic hmm is transformed into the double-array structures , and the double-array structures are represented by n gram language models are represented by n gram language models with overlapping features . in the second step , the second step , the ergodic hmm is performed by the first step of the second step of the ergodic hmm , so as to reduce the negative class , so as to reduce the query speed and model size . in the second step , the second
in this paper , we propose a new analytic approach to estimate probability functions over latent variables in non-gaussian systems , called deep mixtures of factor analysers . the deep mixtures of factor analysers is a generalization of the deep mixtures of factor analysers with latent variables to undirected graphical models . in contrast to traditional density models , deep mixtures of factor analysers do not take into account the uncertainty of the latent density in the hidden layer , which makes them less sensitive to the noise in the data . in contrast , deep mixtures of factor analysers with restricted boltzmann machines are able to model the uncertainty of the data in the dimensional space , which makes the computation of the posterior distributions of factor analysers difficult . in order to overcome this difficulty , we propose a new deep mixtures of factor analysers , called deep mixtures of factor analysers , which is a generalization of deep mixtures of factor analysers to latent variable models in an unsupervised fashion . the key idea of deep mixtures of factor analysers is to use a greedy layer-wise learning algorithm to estimate the latent parameters of the deep mixtures of factor analysers . in order to avoid overfit-ting , we propose a robust method to estimate the latent parameters of the deep mixtures of factor analysers , which is then used to update the parameters of the latent variable model in the reproducing kernel space . in order to reduce the computational dimensionality of the deep mixtures of factor analysers , we propose an analytic method to estimate the latent variable models , which is guaranteed to converge to the true posterior distributions in an unsupervised fashion . the proposed tensor power nonpara-metric method is evaluated on both synthetic and real world datasets show that the proposed tensor method outperforms the conventional mfas and the em algorithm and the conventional spectral algorithms . moreover , our tensor power nonpara-metric method can handle latent variable models with a much lower bound on both synthetic and real world datasets , where the input data are transformed into a low dimensional mixture of the hidden layer is transformed into a low dimension , which is much lower dimension , and the input dimension , which is much smaller than the input dimension . in order , our tensor power tensor method can be used to estimate the latent variable models with a low covariance ,
hashing methods have been widely used for document similarity search in information retrieval . however , most existing supervised hashing methods only utilize prior knowledge about the semantic similarities of the query document . in this paper , we propose a novel method called semi-supervised simhash -lrb- s 3 h -rrb- supervised hash-ing method , called minimum perfect hashing -lrb- mph -rrb- , for fast n-gram language model retrieval . unlike conventional supervised hashing methods , the proposed method does not require any prior knowledge about the query document , which is not available for high-dimensional data similarity search . to solve this problem , we propose a novel method called semi-supervised simhash -lrb- s 3 h -rrb- for fast n-gram language model retrieval . specifically , we use hierarchical data structure to calculate n-gram scores for each query document , and use hierarchical data structure to calculate the hash tables for each query document . then , we propose a direct optimization to find the precise location of the hash functions for each query document . compared with the existing unsupervised hashing methods , the proposed method does not require any training data for the hash table , and can be directly applied to any binary table . experimental results on the switchboard database show that the proposed mp-based technique significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art ip and htk methods in terms of lm retrieval time . moreover , the proposed method can also be used for efficient n-gram language model retrieval , where the proposed method can reduce the search cost by a factor of o -lrb- n 2 -rrb- .
estimating radiometric response functions -lrb- radiometric response functions -rrb- from registered input images is a challenging problem in computer vision algorithms . in this paper , we propose a novel vad method for estimating radiometric response functions from a single image .speaker and noise independent voice activity detection . the proposed vad method is based on non-negative factorization , where the noise distribution of camera response functions is represented by noise observations , and the noise level function is estimated by bayesian map inference for the noise level function using measured ccd camera response functions and a piecewise smooth image prior model . the noise distribution is estimated by comparing the measured noise distributions with the noise level functions , and the noise level functions are estimated by comparing the measured noise distributions with the noise observations measured noise distributions . the noise level functions are estimated by comparing the noise distribution of the noise sources with the noise level measured noise distributions . the proposed vad method is robust to non-stationary noises at various signal-to-noise ratios , and is robust to noise levels , especially in the presence of non-stationary noise . the experimental results show that the proposed vad method is robust to non-stationary noises at low signal-to-noise ratios . the proposed vad method is also applicable to uncalibrated camera calibration techniques , where the noise level functions are estimated from the clean speech corpus of a radiometrically calibrated camera . the proposed vad method is also applicable to a wide range of applications such as edge detection , feature-preserving smoothing , and feature-preserving smoothing .
policy gradient reinforcement learning -lrb- rl -rrb- transfer learning methods have been widely used in many practical applications , such as knowledge transfer dy-namical systems . however , most of the existing transfer learning methods do not take advantage of the background knowledge in the rl settings . in this paper , we propose an adaptive transfer learning algorithm based on gaussian processes for policy gradient rl . the proposed adaptive transfer learning algorithm first constructs a semi-parametric transfer kernel from a bayesian perspective , and then applies the semi-parametric transfer kernel to transfer learning from a unified gaussian process model to the policy transfer learning problem . in the proposed autonomous framework , the human interaction is modeled as a bayesian state system in an optimisation space , and the human interaction is modeled as a bayesian update over the optimisation space . the proposed adaptive transfer learning algorithm is evaluated on both synthetic and real-world datasets , and the results show that the proposed adaptive transfer learning algorithm achieves better performance in terms of adaptive transfer ability compared to other state-of-the-art transfer learning schemes . furthermore , the proposed adaptive transfer learning algorithm can be applied to a variety of rl settings , including quadrotor control , automatic policy optimisation , and speech recognition errors . in addition , the proposed adaptive transfer learning algorithm can also be applied to other rl settings where the user is not limited to a small amount of training data , but also to a small amount of training data . the proposed adaptive transfer learning algorithm can also be applied to other types of transfer learning schemes , and can also be readily applied to other rl settings .
extracting sentiment and topic lexicons for opinion mining is an important task in many field extraction tasks , such as iblicitations , classified , and iblicitations . in this paper , we propose a domain adaptation framework for sentiment-and topic-lexicon co-extraction in discussion forums .cross-domain co-extraction . unlike traditional supervised learning methods , our domain adaptation framework automatically extracts precise lexicons from labeled source domain data in an unsupervised manner . in contrast to traditional supervised methods , our domain adaptation framework does not require manually labeled training data in the target domain . instead , we use hidden markov models to learn a generative model for structured text in the target domain , and use hmm knowledge in the target domain to learn the generative model for field text in the target domain . furthermore , we propose a relational adaptive bootstrapping algorithm to incorporate prior knowledge in the source domain data in the target domain to improve the unlabeled data accuracy . our experiments on two field extraction tasks show that our domain adaptation framework is effective for extracting sentiment and topic lexicons for opinion mining . moreover , our domain adaptation framework is able to extract precise lexicons from the source domain data in an unsupervised fashion .
active learning -lrb- active learning -rrb- methods utilize labeled data to improve the performance of traditional relational learning methods . however , most existing transfer learning algorithms assume that the source and target domains are known , and thus do not consider the collective learning setting . in this paper , we propose a novel active learning method for human labeling by transfer learning , where the target domain is represented as a network node and the target domain is represented as a network node . in the proposed active learning method , the target domain is represented by a set of pseudo labels classifier training classifiers , and the target domain is represented by a set of joint collective classification models . in the transfer learning setting , the target domain is represented by a set of source and target domain labels , and the target domain is represented by a relational model with a network structure . in the proposed active learning method , the source and target domains are treated as two category detection problems : -lrb- 1 -rrb- the target domain are labeled and -lrb- 2 -rrb- the target domain is labeled by the target domain , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- the target domain is labeled by the target domain , and -lrb- 3 -rrb- the target domain is labeled by the target domain . in the proposed active learning method , the target domain is labeled by the target domain , and the target domain is labeled by the target domain , and the target domain is labeled by the target domain , and the target domain is labeled by the target domain , and the target domain is labeled by the target domain , and the target domain is labeled by the target domain and the target domain , and the target domain , respectively . in the target domain , the target domain is represented by the target domain , the target domain and the target domain is represented by the target domain and the target domain and the target domain , the target domain are assumed to be labeled by the target domain , and the target domain , and the target domain , and the target domain are assumed to be labeled data are assumed to be labeled by the target domain , and the target domain , and the target domain , and the target domain is assumed to be labeled by the target domain , and the target domain , and the target domain is assumed to be labeled
